Red Riding Mina,4,Story Legends
"Red Riding Mina is a bad LD Backliner with 20k HP, 4 KBs, 1600 DPS, 6.5s attack frequency, 435 standing range with Long Distance from 300 to 600, 3900 cost, and 98s Cooldown. Her True Form, Awakened Mina, becomes a good LD Backliner with stat increases across the board amounting to 31k HP, 3100 DPS, LD from 300 to 700, and an additional 50% chance to Weaken Relic for 3.33s with Curse Immunity."
"Red Riding Mina separates herself from other LD Backliners by having a relatively short Cooldown compared to most of them. It is among the fastest of the Legends and she has a very optimal LD area, giving her 165 piercing range (265 in TF) and 135 inner range. These factors combined make her reasonably easy to stack, compounding her damage output and her True Form's Weaken ability uptime. Her fast attack rate allows her to deal consistent damage as well as fend off high KB rusher enemies like Gory Black. Her True Form compounds these strengths, making her deal twice as much damage per hit compared to her previous forms. Additionally, her Weaken ability vs Relic is pretty consistent, allowing her to temporarily cripple the damage output of threatening Relics such as Relic Bun Bun, M. Ost, and Othom. Her LD ability is rare to find among the usable units in 4 star, making her a true staple unit in this difficulty and among the strongest Legends."
"In her first two forms, Mina has a pathetically bad damage output and pretty much any other LD unit will outclass it, including Super Rares such as Vaulter and Nymph, making her pretty much useless unless you have literally no other options available. Her lack of full backswing can sometimes lead to her running into danger against longer ranged enemies, further reducing how long she stays on the field as her HP is relatively low. Her True Form fixes her damage issue and gives her a more respectable HP value, but she still remains relatively easy to kill compared to other LD Backliners. Her Weaken ability sets her apart from other units, but lacks 100% uptime, can be inconsistent with its 50% proc rate and becomes mostly obsolete should you unlock Slapstick's Weaken talent."
"Red Riding Mina is a heavily flawed unit who is not worth using in her first 2 forms, but her True Form corrects many of the problems she had before and gives her a new use against Relic enemies. She is one of the most consistent LD Backliners in the game due to her excellent LD radius and it is very realistic to stack her thanks to Mina's relatively fast Cooldown. She is a staple unit in 4 star stages due to the scarcity of piercing damage in the difficulty and her high power among the Legend units. Mina remains useful in UL due to her great compatibility vs Relic."
