Queen Reika,4,Ubers and Legends
"Queen Reika is a very good backline attacker at 450 range with 6200 base DPS from an equal two-part multi-hit, Massive Damage to Aliens and Zombies and the Zombie Killer ability. She has a high KB count at 6 with a respectable 49k HP, and her CD is average at 125s. Her stats are much worse before True Form, and so unlocking it is important in drawing out her full potential, though pre-TF will still satisfactorily handle early game Aliens such as in ItF."
"Her base stats place her slightly above average in general use, and paired with an impressive KB count and sufficient HP to exploit most or all of them in many situations, she has good survivability. Her Alien and Zombie DPS (18.5k to 24.7k effective DPS depending on treasures) is more than enough to destroy the majority of such enemies. She especially serves as an excellent counter to Cadaver Bears who are troublesome to handle without anti-Zombie Ubers and appear in many of the harder Zombie centric stages."
"There are gaps in her coverage of her traits, however; certain longer-ranged Aliens such as Calamary and Alpacky will be a problem for her, she lacks Barrier Breaker or Warp Immunity to deal with Starred Alien threats optimally (though with the right support can still help kill them very fast), and burrowing/reviving Zombies can quickly eat through her KB count faster than you might like, or even bypass her entirely. In general use, her multi-hit can also reduce her effective DPS against enemies with low endurance (~20k Damage per hit), but on the other hand when combined with her fast attack rate, it is useful to control crowds of enemies, break a barrier and then deal damage, or catch a Zombie as it burrows, so it has good and bad points."
"In essence, she is a straightforward solid Backliner with two very nice traits to target and good performance against them, useful from early to end game. She will carry you through the majority of Alien stages with little trouble, though not to the same extent as all-out Alien specialists like the Pixies. Reika will remain a useful anti-Zombie deep into late game where their huge 300% or even 450% magnifications can make Zombies very difficult to kill quickly, as her immense DPS even at level 30 is still sufficient to keep these in check, where other Zombie Killers might start to fall off without considerable boost."
