Bebe,4,Ubers and Legends
"Nagisa (Evolved Form of Bebe) is a powerful Crowd Control unit that inflicts Weaken against Aliens and Zombies for 6s. While her main use is as a CC unit, her performance as a Backliner is not something to ignore. She stands at a comfortable 450 range with 35k Damage, 5100 DPS and a 2.4s foreswing with a 1.9s backswing. Her survivability is quite good with ~43k HP and 6 KBs, giving her around 14k endurance. She also has a fairly short 98 second Cooldown, and auxiliary abilities of Zombie Killer and Warp Blocker. In First Form, Bebe is more spammable but has lower stats overall so is generally not recommended to be used, and not considered here."
"Her biggest strengths are of course her anti-Alien and anti-Zombie abilities. With a 6s Weaken, she reliably weakens most hard pushing Aliens from a safe range, which is a very valuable trait to have. Her compatibility with Zombie enemies is not as impressive, but can still help anti-Zombie meatshields such as Shigong perform their job better. With CotC treasure, her uptime is 100%, and even before this it is close. Her survivability is above average for a general use Backliner; with her high KB count, she repositions easily, and can often survive long enough for her nicely short cooldown to expire. Her long backswing means that she doesn't push into enemy backliners as easily as other units in her role, further aiding her survival. In most situations she is reliable as the main Support unit while doubling as a satisfactory attacker with solid average damage for a Backliner."
"Her main weakness is her long foreswing which can lead to some missed attacks decreasing her effectiveness in both attack and CC, especially against enemies with higher KB counts. Her relatively long attack cycle also means if she does miss, you're left with a hole in your support and DPS for a potentially harmful amount of time. Her anti-Zombie use is especially hurt by this as it can let burrowing and reviving Zombies get extra hits on her, so you often have to set her up correctly to avoid this. Regardless, if enemies do reach her in some way, she has only a mediocre amount of HP and can often not utilize all of her KBs as a result (especially in the later stages of the game) though this is alleviated by her short cooldown so is not a drastic problem. Finally, while Warp Immunity can occasionally help her Weaken more consistently, it also detracts from her survivability in Star Alien situations as it removes the possibility of Warps granting extra repositions."
"Overall, Nagisa is a decent Backliner with good all round stats and a short cooldown. While this lets her do a passable job as a generalist, her main draw is her CC abilities that can dominate her traits in many meta-relevant scenarios. She is able to find specialist uses even in the end game of 2* UL, and truly shines in mixed Alien-Zombie stages like ITF Outbreaks, though her value as a generalist drops off as with most of her competitors in late game."
