Kasa Jizo,4,Ubers and Legends
"Kasa Jizo (in First Form) is an excellent general spammable AoE attacker, with Massive Damage against Black and Angel. Jizo has 2100 DPS, 15k HP with 3 KBs, 320 range, 750 cost and a 3.9s Cooldown. In True Form, he becomes a great anti-Black/Angel Nuker, with 6100 DPS, a 13.37s attack cycle, 116k HP, 2 KBs, 4 Speed, and 485 range but now with a 151s Cooldown. Evolved Form stats are a bit worse overall, but True Form is not compulsory to perform well. True Form also has multi-hit while evolved doesn't, which makes it sometimes preferable even. You will likely use the First Form the most, regardless, as this is the main draw of Jizo."
"Jizo's main strength is that his First Form can be quickly stacked and accumulate lots of DPS to melt shorter-ranged enemies. He is best compared to Cyborg Cat, another good spammable area attacker, which Jizo outclasses in almost every way even outside of his traits. Jizo's Massive Damage ability against Black and Angels (8300 effective DPS per stacked Jizo) of course makes him even more destructive against them, and a decent stack will quickly accumulate unparalleled DPS against short ranged threats of these traits such as Black and Angel Gories. He has good durability for a stackable area attacker, keeping your Jizo stacks alive and dealing considerable damage even in tight situations. In Castle form, meanwhile, Jizo outranges enemies that the First Form cannot such as Le'noir, Winged Pigge, and Sleipnir, still destroying them very quickly (18k-24k effective DPS depending on treasures) while also having the stats to perform as a very respectable general use Backliner."
"Like all things, Jizo comes with flaws. Enemies with more range than the spammable First Form, while they can be countered by the True Form still, remove the option of using his main strength. Enemies with range less than Jizo who can push very hard such as R.Ost may also give him trouble compared to Cyborg with 350 range instead of Jizo's 320. A related note is that while Jizo is very good at his role there are non-Ubers that can safely take his place. In particular Pizza as an anti-Black, and Slapsticks in the late game Relic meta, cut into the need to own Jizo (especially as the alternatives unlock their talents). True Form suffers from its long attack cycle, sluggish movement speed, and a below average KB count, which are not ideal for countering the many Black/Angel melee rushers. Similarly, True Form's multi-hit is inconveniently timed to often miss the last hit containing most of the damage against such enemy types who often have a high KB count. For both forms, Black is a quite heavily powercrept trait that does not require a hard counter Uber, though Angel remains a highly relevant target."
"Overall, Jizo is an excellent Uber who is famous, if a little overrated, for very good reasons that are relevant throughout the game. Between his two forms he can cover most enemies in his target traits, and perform impressively as both a general stackable area attacker and a serviceable generalist Backliner throughout the whole game (albeit falling off towards the end game). Either form alone would be a valuable Uber to own."
