Hermit Cat,4,Story Legends
"Hermit Cat is a decent Mid-range Wave Sniper with 31k HP, 2900 DPS, a 3-hit Multi-Hit with a 100% chance for a Level 3 Wave on each hit, 4 sec attack frequency, 255 range, 2400 cost, and 51s Cooldown. Both First and Evolved forms have the same stats. His True Form, Masked Grandmaster Cat, becomes a great Mid-range Wave Sniper and a good anti-Relic. His stats are increased to 46k HP, Level 5 Wave, 38s Cooldown, and he gains Strong vs Relic, 20% chance to Curse for 3s vs Relic, and Curse Immune."
"Hermit Cat can be considered a heavy version of Crazed Gross, having much higher damage output for higher cost and Cooldown. On this note, his Recharge is the fastest of the Legends, being further reduced with his True Form, which allows you to make a stack of Hermits very easily. His somewhat high Wave DPS makes him a very effective Wave Sniper and his attack rate is fast, allowing him to juggle low endurance peons very easily. His True Form gains significantly more piercing range, becoming capable of consistently sniping Super Backliner enemies like Camelle and Director Kurosawah. His new Strong vs Relic serves him well, making him an effective Midrange DPS vs short range Relics and giving him great matchups against Sir Rel spam and Loris. This is compounded by the fact that he has the Curse ability, removing the ability of Relic enemies to inflict their own Curse for a short time. This is especially important in 4* UL, where you can no longer rely on units like Slapsticks to make quick work of those enemies."
"Hermit Cat's greatest weakness is his short standing range. At 255, he is barely put into Midranger status, meaning that he tends to struggle if he cannot find a Melee stepping stone for his attacks. His HP in First and Evolved form is not impressive for a unit of his range, which can lead to him dying rather quickly. While his Cooldown is fast, his potentially low survivability can leave it feeling sluggish. Against very long ranged foes, it is worth noting that Hermit's First and Evolved forms’ Level 3 Wave is very unreliable at hitting them safely. While True Form fixes most of these problems, standing range continues to be his downfall. The increased prevalence of Backliner enemies and very uncommon stepping stones in late game makes Masked Grandmaster inapplicable to many stages and most notable Relic enemies simply outrange him. Additionally, while his Curse is a rare and valuable ability vs Relic, its 20% proc chance makes it unlikely to stay active unless you have multiple Hermits on the field."
"While it may be challenging to overcome Hermit's standing range problem, if you do manage it, Hermit becomes a very strong Wave Sniper. His True Form significantly improves his base role while giving him a new niche as an anti-Relic, though the matchup isn't perfect due to his range. His cooldown is very fast and his cost is low, so it becomes easy to replace or stack Hermit Cats on a stepping stone, making his survivability more consistent and enabling cheesy strategies reliant on constant Wave spam."
