Wonder MOMOCO,4,Ubers and Legends
"Momoco is a Midranger with CC and a strange niche for her role. She has Freeze against Black, Angel and Red, with a Freeze duration of 2.2 seconds. She can create a level 8 Wave which improves her CC abilities. Though she has multi-hit, and can only Freeze and wave on the first hit. She has average survivability with 68k Health and 2 KBs. She also has quite good damage, with her multi-hit damage (ordered from first hit to last hit) being; 5100, 10.2k, and 45.9k, although the wave increases her first multi-hit damage to 10.2k, making her DPS around 9900. Her main damage is of course the last hit, though the other hits also do some damage too. Her cooldown is a little over 2 minutes."
"Her obvious strengths are her gigantic wave and her Freeze proc. Her wave can hit up to 1733 range, which allows her CC abilities to reach all backliners of her traits. Her range is also quite good considering her niche, able to outrange the enemies that are most threatening to her; high DPS enemies such as Boraphim, Razorback, Winged Pigge etc. Her damage is also quite good for her role, particularly on the last multi-hit. Her anti-Wave niche also increases her general value, making her not need to fear wave-heavy stages like a regular Midranger. Due to her long backswing, she can maintain safe distancing against fast pushers, which for a Midranger is quite useful. But if she gets unlucky and damages the front line it can accidentally push meatshields into the back line. With the backswing it gives a buffer so meatshields can either push forward, or allow their pushers to come back and rebalance standing ranges of units."
"Despite her outstanding strengths, Momoco still has quite a few flaws. The most notable of these is her multi-hit. Because of her Freeze wave being on the very first multi-hit, against her target traits, the majority of the time her most powerful hit will miss. Her low survivability also weakens her performance quite a bit, due to her target traits being hard pushing traits. Her long foreswing per multi-hit can cause her to miss shots if given the wrong circumstance. Also due to her targeted traits having lower endurance than others, the first multi-hit may also miss, which is arguably the most important of them all. Her low wave damage limits her use as a sniper."
"Her CC ability is quite useful, even in the current meta. While some of her use may be overshadowed by other units, she is still very valuable. Her use as a Midrange attacker is great and her wide range of targets, solid stat build and anti-Wave niche make her a very valuable unit to own."
