Eva Unit-01,4,Ubers and Legends
"Eva Unit-01 is an excellent anti-Zombie/Alien Backliner with 460 range, 3500 base DPS, 78k base HP, 4 KBs, 4.5 second attack frequency, 4470 cost and a 160 second CD. In addition, she is Strong against Zombies and Aliens, and has Strengthen (+100%) at 50% Health. She also has Barrier Breaker and Zombie Killer."
"The main strength of Eva 01 is her high capability as a Backliner. While her base DPS appears rather subpar, this is bumped up to a great 6900 when strengthened, paired with high standing range with nice survivability from her HP and KBs, making her considerably above average at her job. Her Strong ability synergizes well with her stat build, boosting both power and bulk up to a good 6300 effective DPS (12.6k when strengthened) and 200k effective HP, with full treasures - something which is especially useful for Zombies. Her high attack rate and short foreswing are ideal for catching burrowing/reviving Zombies quickly, breaking barriers promptly for your other units to do their jobs, and also serve to give her good accuracy and let her achieve her theoretical DPS more often than competitors. Her cost and CD are nothing special for these sorts of Ubers, but her excellent stats can cover for it."
"Eva 01 doesn’t have many weaknesses. However, one major weakness is that her base DPS is on the lower side for her role and range, and although Eva 01 has Strengthen to compensate for this, it activates at half health, meaning her defensive stats are halved at that point. This is not much of a problem against her target traits with her ability, but in general use, she can be lacking until strengthened."
"While Eva 01 has low base DPS, her excellent abilities enhance it to the point of being a solid ranged attacker throughout the game, replacing Crazed Bahamut or Ururun as your default Backliner in mid-game, and remaining relevant into the late-game with her specialist qualities. Her high range often keeps her safe after Strengthen triggers, and being Strong against Zombies and Aliens means she's rather durable against them even post-Strengthen. Owning Eva 01 makes many tough situations easier, especially countering relevant late game Zombies like Cadaver Bear very nicely."
