The 6th Angel,4,Ubers and Legends
"The 6th Angel is an anti-Floating super-backline Nuker. It has 25.5k Health, base DPS of ~1500, standing range of 500, attack frequency of 23 seconds, LD area of 200 to 1500, and 1 KB. It costs 3825 to spawn and has a recharge time of 258 seconds. The 6th Angel deals Massive Damage against Floatings, and a guaranteed Slow for 5 to 6 seconds (depending on treasures). It also has a guaranteed chance to create a level 3 Surge (lasts for 2 seconds) that emerges within an area of 450 to 1250. The 6th Angel also has a small bonus of a 50% Dodge against its respective niche."
"The 6th Angel has a large amount of strengths. Most notably is its absolutely massive area of effect. With an incredible piercing range of 1000 and a nearly non-existent blindspot, as well as a solid standing range of 500, it can safely outrange most enemies for long enough to land a hit. It also has the bonus of a surge attack, meaning if it manages to land, it will deal devastating amounts of damage, mainly against Floating (able to deal around half a million effective Damage if the surge connects!). This includes notable threats such as Brollow or Othom (again, if the surge lands), while crippling survivors with its high duration Slow. Another thing to mention is its Dodge ability. While it's not the most practical, it can come in handy for certain situations, serving as a momentary lifeline for The 6th Angel to get out one more attack, or impede enemies from advancing too quickly."
"While The 6th Angel may have a plethora of strengths, it also has a large amount of weaknesses. Mainly its Luga-level stats (the bad kind) with an incredibly long cooldown, painfully long TBA, poor health and DPS, and with no chances to reposition, it's almost guaranteed that once an enemy breaches your defense, The 6th Angel is as good as dead. This is especially true for enemies outside its niche as the poor base stats simply cannot hold up against non-Floating enemies. And with the agonizingly long cooldown, you are likely not going to be getting another any time soon.  While its range lets it securely land a first hit in battle, factoring in its low survivability as well as Crazed Bahamut level long TBA and foreswing, most threatening enemies will not allow you to land a second hit. There also comes the fact that its surge spawn point is extremely inconsistent, so that even that first hit might underwhelm. Another thing to note is while it may have a long duration Slow, said Slow uptime is still well below 25% and as such, is unreliable in most situations."
"While The 6th Angel is one of the better Ubers in its set, it's still a pretty poor unit overall. Taking into account its strengths and weaknesses, we see how this Uber was designed to be; a purely anti-Floating large AoE Nuker, as it can do well against its own niche, and fails against anything else, all thanks to its poor base stats. There are definitely ways one would be able to utilize The 6th Angel in other situations, but for most players, unless you have some sort of godlike RNG, you're better off not using this Uber, as the current meta seeks consistency, and the 6th Angel is anything but consistent."
