Urashima Taro,4,Ubers and Legends
"Due to the irrelevance of Urashima's First Form, I'll mainly focus on his True Form (King Gamereon). King Gamereon is a good general ranged Tanker, and is an excellent anti-Angel and Black tanker; with 246.5k (296k with HP talents) base HP, 5800 DPS, 380 range, 3 KBs, 165s Cooldown and the additional ability of Resistance against Blacks and Angels. With talents Gamereon can also assume the role of a CC / Support unit, unlocking a 40% Slow chance against his target traits, lasting 4.8s with full treasures."
"Gamereon's main strength is his good tanking ability, with his large health pool and good 82k endurance making him a good general Tanker, protecting your ranged DPS units. Better yet is his incredible effective HP against Blacks and Angels, at 1.23M (2.3M at level 50 with max HP talent!), making Gamereon an incredible Tanker against them. This incredible tanking ability allows him to counter most Black and Angel stages with support. While his high range can be very troublesome for a Tanker which is meant to protect your ranged units, it allows for Gamereon to work as a Midranger with usable DPS, and also as a ranged Tanker, adding an extra layer of defense behind your meatshields. Gamereon also packs CC in his talents, which can be useful for a Midranger. Lasting for a good duration, although dragged down by his subpar proc rate. However, considering Gamereon's tanking role, there are much better talents to unlock."
"Gamereon, like all things, has weaknesses that should be taken into consideration. Due to his long cooldown at nearly 3 minutes, Gamereon shouldn't be used too carelessly, especially when using him as a generalist Tanker or in UL, as carelessly deploying Gamereon and getting him killed quickly will result in him being down for a long time. His high range can be very troublesome for a Tanker, with a Tanker meant to be on the frontline protecting your ranged units. However this range allows him to be a ranged Tanker, part of a layered defense. The range issue should be noted when using him and makes him more unreliable overall. Gamereon also targets Black, a trait that has already been mostly powercrept and is usually easily dealt with, however Gamereon deals well against the more troublesome Black enemies. Gamereon's performance also suffers in UL where his role becomes less relevant, and the advent of Curse and high-DPS Relics further diminishes his performance there."
"Gamereon is a good Tanker who can deal effectively with most Angel and Black stages in the game, while having a few notable weaknesses like his high range and his performance in UL. While also dealing with an arguably powercrept trait [Black], Gamereon deals with Angels very well, a relevant trait throughout the game; and has good generalist use, meaning Gamereon is a solid Uber throughout the game, albeit suffering in late-game."
