Springtime Kenshin,4,Ubers and Legends
"Springtime Kenshin is a mediocre midrange anti-Angel with 61.5k HP, 3 KBs and 6100 DPS at 410 range. She has Strong against Angels along with a 100% Knockback ability, and a rather high cost of 5475 with 145s Cooldown. In True Form she gets Weaken Immunity and Colossus Killer. "
"Springtime Kenshin boasts great stats against Angels, with 123k effective HP and effective 9100 DPS (154k, 10.9k with ItF fruit). These stats are certainly good enough for an attacker, and even as a semi-Tanker when needed. Her range, combined with these stats, gives her a good matchup against almost all recurring Angels, outranging most of them while dishing out good effective DPS. Kenshin also has a quick attack rate which helps her control crowds of fast, melee Angels like Angelic Gory and Gabriel, and lets her KB frequently push hard and gain ground against bulkier targets like Sleipnirs. The True Form's Weaken Immunity is nice for Winged Pigge, and her Colossus Killer boosted effective stats are decent, albeit only applicable to a single enemy."
"Despite her good stats against Angels, Springtime Kenshin's very effective KB ability becomes a hindrance in many Angel stages with heavy backliners, as she causes your army to advance into their attacking range and get wiped out prematurely. On the other hand, her KB is redundant against Angels with a high KB count as she would be controlling them equally well with damage alone. Her speed also outpaces slower meatshields and causes her to overextend and lose some of her range advantage, which can be crucial against midrange Angels like Chickful A, Winged Pigge, etc. It is also annoying in general use, where her mediocre standing range and high speed are unsuitable for a Backliner, but her power and durability falls short of a good Midranger. Weaken Immunity in True Form is clearly intended to counter Archangel Exiel in combination with Colossus Killer, but as the latter only provides a modest boost to effective stats (far from enough to let her brute force the huge stats of Colossal bosses) and offers no answer to Exiel's Warp or the peons in that stage, it does not mean she suddenly makes the stage far easier than before. "
"Springtime Kenshin's amazing anti-Angel stats and range give her a lot of good matchups against individual Angel enemies, but her 100% KB ability becomes a drawback in notable Angel backliner stages where pushing too hard gets you killed. Her role as anti-Angel midrange DPS is often replaceable with more spammable non-Uber units like Time Traveller, reducing her niche mainly to countering Sleipnir, and her general use is mediocre at best. Colossus Killer is hardly worth mentioning as it's an underwhelming stat boost against a single relevant enemy, in extreme disproportion to the shockingy high TF unlock cost which includes an elusive Gold Seed."
