AAA Wunder,4,Ubers and Legends
"AAA Wunder, or NNN Wunder in Evolved Form, is a good Backliner Uber with Massive Damage against Angel and Zombie enemies, and Zombie Killer. It has 5800 base DPS with 400 range, 5 KBs, and a somewhat speedy attack frequency of 5.3s. It has 68k HP, 5025 cost, and a long cooldown of 178s."
"NNN Wunder's primary strength is the DPS that it packs against its traits. With 17k to 23k effective DPS (depending upon ItF / CotC Fruit Treasures), it can cut through many Angel and Zombie enemies with ease. Its fast attack frequency allows it to often interrupt Zombies during their unburrow animation, with enough raw damage per hit to kill less bulky Zombies like Thrillerz and Zuches in one hit. This damage is also enough to knockback bulkier unburrowing peons like Zigge or Zory, even at late game magnifications, stopping them from gaining ground. Plus, it outranges Cadaver Bear and can nuke it with its huge effective DPS. While the anti-Angel usage isn't as remarkable, you can still use it against midrange Angels like Angelic Sleipnir or Winged Pigge to good effect. The high KB count, along with the high base HP to make use of all of them, allow it to reposition often from burrowing Zombies, giving it good survivability."
"Much like Iron Legion Ubers, NNN's strengths are balanced with an absurdly long cooldown. You cannot afford to be reckless with it. The cooldown is especially problematic in stages with multiple enemy waves (e.g. Necro Frontier, Unauthorized Breathing). While his range is normally enough for its job (especially against Zombies), it makes for a shaky matchup in some Cadaver Bear stages, only outranging by 40. The range is also a problem for some Angelic Sleipnir stages, and mixed-trait stages (like Rutsborg Vortex). The poor range and cooldown impair its generalist usage as well, leading it to be overall subpar when combined with low range for a Backliner and only somewhat good DPS. The somewhat high cost can be a problem as well, since Zombie stages can be very cash-tight."
"NNN is a great counter for Zombie and Angel enemies. Thanks to solid effective DPS, fast attack rate, and good survivability, NNN remains a premium anti-Zombie especially. However, the low range and high cooldown hurt it's general usage, and limit viability on mixed stages."
