Kai,4,Ubers and Legends
"Kai is a great melee Tanker, with her main ability being Resistance to Floating enemies. She has a typical tank build; 194k base HP with 2 KBs, high 119k Damage per hit (11k DPS) with a 2.5s foreswing and a 10.5s time between attacks, a short 175 range, 16 Speed, and a fast 71 second Cooldown. She also comes with Knockback Immunity and Survive, and can unlock a rare 100% Shield Pierce ability with talents. All of this is dependent on True Form, before which Kai is a poor Uber without the stats needed to execute her role, and not worth using."
"Kai can effectively wall most mid-to-late game Floating enemies (effective HP being 775k to 969k against Floating depending on treasures) and even tank attacks from many non-Floating enemies. Her high attack stat also lets her act as a short-ranged Nuker, delivering devastating damage to any enemy that she can tank long enough to land even a single hit on. Her fast speed and short range are well suited to infiltrating enemy blindspots and destroying the enemy from there. Kai's speed is also useful for reaching the frontline quickly, with little delay between deployment and beginning to do her job. Her Knockback Immunity is helpful on stages with enemies such as Mr. Mole, holding your defensive line and ensuring her attacks are not interrupted prematurely. With a heavy NP investment, Kai can become one of the few 100% Shield Pierce units in the game, and can exploit this to great effect against Aku enemies. With her high base HP, she tanks long enough to deliver the all-important Shield Pierce attack in most situations. Being able to pierce shields is the most important ability for an anti-Aku as they can neither be CC'd nor reasonably killed with pure DPS without a shield piercer. Kai's attack rate and consistent proc let her take down a shield once every 10 seconds, outperforming most alternatives."
"Kai's main weakness is her long foreswing, which, coupled with her short range and long time between attacks, can make her miss enemies, especially ones with lots of knockbacks. Additionally, despite her high HP, Kai dies very quickly against hordes of high-DPS enemies (even Floating ones, occasionally), so she's not very usable on stages with lots of melee rusher enemies. This reduces the relevancy of her anti-Floating role, since Floating enemies backed up by other high-DPS attackers become increasingly common later in the game and many easier Floating setups are easily handled with Rare cats. Her Survive ability is useless as hanging on with 1 HP will neither let her tank nor land further hits except against super-melee range peons. Against Akus, her low range means she is forced to tank in order to pierce shields, and sometimes this is infeasible. Additionally she can be caused to miss her main target by stray peons standing in front of an Aku backliner."
"Overall, Kai is a rare example of a Tanker who can work well in general use, as well as a melee attacker who excels against long-ranged enemies that are otherwise difficult to take down. She's sometimes useful to have as an anti-Floating Tanker, though this role becomes less valuable later in the game. She is also one of the best anti-Aku units available with a great Shield Piercing talent for those who can afford to unlock it. Despite her long attack animation and vulnerability to swarms of high DPS enemies, Kai is a great Uber who is useful throughout most of the game."
