Kunio-kun,4,Ubers and Legends
"In First Form, Kunio is a bad Melee Tanker with 91.8k HP and 3 KBs, 20 speed, 8200 DPS at 200 Range with a rapid triple multihit, and a 51.2s cooldown. In Evolved Form, Dodgeball Kunio is a Super Backline LD Sniper with 30.6k HP, 2600 DPS at 500 standing range with LD from 400 to 700, 30 speed and a 91.2s cooldown. Both forms cost 2850 to deploy and possess a one slot Worker Level Up (M) Combo."
"Kunio's First Form has respectable HP and DPS, and a low cost and cooldown so that after he dies you are never too far from spawning another. In Evolved Form, his standing range is incredibly high, allowing him to take down backline enemies that Bahamut-class ubers will be unable to reach, and again he maintains a low cost and decent cooldown. These two forms are like a low-cost Mecha Bun and a low cost, high range, Mina. The main advantage of Kunio however is his combo, which is exceptionally efficient, taking only one slot while having a profound effect on your initial worker level, great for dojos, cash tight stages and rushdown strategies. "
"Kunio's two forms being like a cheap Mecha Bun and a cheap Mina is also his downside, as his stats teach you that you get what you pay for. His melee form has 3 KBs, providing very little endurance despite a good HP stat, causing him to fail as a tank. The absence of a trait target with an ability like Strong or Resistant means he cannot even function passably in a niche like Mecha Bun does. His multihit deals damage on 4, 8 and 12 frames, a fraction of a second apart, and against low-endurance enemies will fail to connect the latter hits and slash his DPS to useless levels. The sniper form meanwhile just has poor DPS from the start, coming in lower than Awakened Mina and most decent sniper ubers. His blindspot is also huge, and his piercing range is only 200 which fails to make up for these weaknesses of his LD build. His high speed also causes him to lose matchups which he otherwise could win such as against Master A variants, causing speed clipping when enemies are knocked back. "
"Both of Kunio's forms have major deficits that cause them to largely fail at their intended roles, and he will be useful in battle largely only in the early game or when desperate with no alternatives. However, his cat combo is incredibly powerful and redeems the unit to be overall certainly worth owning. If you bring him in your lineup for the combo anyway, his low cost means you may find yourself summoning him for some low-quality but cheap support, and can choose between two roles to best suit the stage, which is more than can be said about many other combo slaves. If you aren't interested in using his combo, though, just don't bother."
