Baby Cat,4,Ubers and Legends
"Baby Cat is essentially useless before TF, but in TF (CitC) it becomes a powerful melee attacker who creates level 2 Wave Attacks, dealing 60k Damage per hit with a 10s TBA and a 2s foreswing. His base stats include 105k Health with 2 KBs and nearly 6000 DPS (not including waves), a fast recharge at around 50s, and low cost of 3150. He has a 30% chance to Knockback Alien and Floating enemies but this is rarely useful and can even be detrimental. Finally, he has the Freeze Immune ability."
"Having good speed and high health allows CitC to move to the frontline and quickly deal considerable damage, even to Backliners, with a great 12k DPS or 120k Damage (provided both the initial hit and wave connect). His large base HP and low KB count makes him hard to interrupt and able to function as a melee Tanker. This use is enhanced by his fast cooldown, often allowing you to keep at least one on the field for most of the battle. He also works well to counter stages with troublesome Freeze proc enemies like Henry."
"CitC's biggest glaring weakness is his long foreswing and TBA, causing him to miss his attacks at times. Coupled with low range and no defensive abilities to enhance his HP pool, he can struggle to survive in stages with a high DPS frontline for extended periods of time, and thus does not get a second chance at landing a hit after a miss. While somewhat alleviated by his semi-disposable cooldown, you may find CitC dies before he can do his job if used carelessly."
"CitC is one of the few wave attackers to have such a high damage per hit, that even one successful attack can change the course of the battle, and this makes him valuable to own throughout the game. He is incredibly powerful in mid game where it is rare to find stages with the raw enemy DPS to kill him before he can connect. Deep into late game, the average stage is not so compatible with his build, but there will still be specific stages where he can shine and effectively carry you, and his destructive power is only made better as you hypermax and ultramax him for those situations."
