Princess Cat,4,Ubers and Legends
"Princess Cat, or Empress Cat in Evolved Form, is a good Super Backliner attacker and a subpar anti-Red/Angel/Zombie CC / Support unit with 5700 DPS (if initial hit and mini-wave connect), 52k HP, 4 KBs, 551 range, 161s Cooldown, and the abilities to create a level 6 Mini-Wave, a 100% chance to Weaken Red/Angel/Zombie enemies for 6 seconds with full fruit treasures, Curse Immunity, and Z-Killer. Her First Form has worse overall stats than Evolved Form, so use her Evolved Form at all times."
"Her main strengths come from her unusually high 551 range and good DPS for that range class, able to outrange many enemies that an average Backliner with more DPS couldn't. Such high range also keeps her safe from danger most of the time, and when she does take damage her HP and KB count offer decent survivability, ensuring she stays on the field for a long time to deal steady damage. Despite her long cooldown, her long lifetime may allow you to stack multiple Empresses in long battles. Weaken, while not the most desirable or highest quality CC ability out there, can prove useful at times to debilitate enemies which your other units cannot outrange and therefore unavoidably take damage from. In particular she has good matchups against Professor A, weakening him so your Islands can approach and land hits more easily, and against Angelic Sleipnir, who while weakened will trigger your rebound attackers more times before killing them. Empress's Curse Immunity also means she can keep her CC even in the late-game where Curse rules out other options. Finally, her mini-waves offer her a small amount of piercing DPS to chip away at backline enemies, Z-Kill Zollows before they reach your frontline, clear peons, and apply her Weaken debuff to even super backline enemies like Sunfish Jones."
"However, all things have their weaknesses, and Empress is no exception. Her CC, in both quality and desirability, is rather underwhelming. With a subpar 65% uptime and Weaken generally being less relevant than Slow or Freeze, her CC is mostly treated as a bonus rather than a useful control option. Against Zombies her matchup is rather poor; she suffers against burrowing and reviving Zombies as they can bypass her range advantage and her long TBA and foreswing mean she usually can't respond to their ambushes in time to avoid losing a large chunk of HP. Her long 3.4s foreswing also makes her prone to whiffing attacks, lowering her effective DPS and CC reliability. Finally by late-game the attractiveness of her high-range but non-LD DPS fades, as it is insufficient to deal with the increasingly bulky enemies."
"Empress Cat can play the role of a much-stronger Li'l Nyandam, to be used against enemies that your regular backline Ubers/Ururun cannot reach, while also offering situationally useful CC against Red and Angel enemies, though with limited use against Zombies due to bad compatibility. Add to this mini-waves, Curse Immunity, and Z-Kill and you have a very versatile unit with many potential niches that she never excels in, but you will still find uses for due to her extraordinary range allowing her to work when conventional approaches fail."
