Summerluga ,4,Ubers and Legends
"Summerluga, or rather its Evolved Form Bikinilan Pasalan, is a poor Super Backliner at 650 range with 17k base damage, ~900 base DPS, a 19s attack cycle, ~20k HP with 1 knockback, and the ability to create a Lv.5 Surge, spawning between 150 and 1050. Its First Form has completely different stats and is practically useless. As with most Lugas, it has a 5 minute Cooldown."
"Bikinilan's main selling points are its excellent, very safe standing range and its ability to create Lv.5 Surges. With its surge, Bikinilan can deal up to 85k Damage (provided all 5 hits connect) in addition to the 17k Damage of the initial attack. This can deal heavy damage to enemy backliners while boosting Bikinilan's effective DPS from an extremely low ~900 up to potentially ~5400, which is very high considering its standing range."
"Bikinilan's Surges have one glaring issue, however, and that is their very wide spawn area. This means that the surge spawns are very inaccurate; while it can spawn on the enemy backline, it is also very likely to completely miss by spawning right in front of Bikinilan or – depending on the stage – even behind the enemy backline. This means that his average DPS accounting for surge RNG plummets back down to an unimpressive 2800 between 275 to 650 range, a very poor 1900 between 650 to 800 range, and even less at higher ranges. Additionally, Bikinilan has a very slow attack rate as well as low HP with no chances to reposition. Fast bruiser enemies can easily push and close in between its attacks and kill Bikinilan very quickly without it being able to reposition itself. The final nail in the coffin is its extremely long cooldown, which means that if Bikinilan dies early, it will take a very long time until it can be respawned."
"Overall, Bikinilan does not offer any worthwhile qualities; using it as a Sniper is impractical due to its very slow attack rate and wide surge spawn area, both of which make its DPS and effective piercing range wildly inconsistent and unreliable. Traditional Sniper units such as Golfer, Manic Macho Legs, Fiend or even Red Riding Mina do not have those problems and thus perform much better than Bikinilan. This is worsened by its extremely long cooldown and paper-thin defenses, rendering it utterly useless against LD enemies, wave enemies, surge enemies, and Zombie burrows. With below average stats across the board and no other redeeming abilities, Bikinilan will perform very poorly throughout the entire game."
