Kalisa,4,Ubers and Legends
"Kalisa is an excellent midrange Rusher with 355 range, 27 Speed, ~8400 DPS and 42.5k Damage per hit. She has a 40f foreswing with a 111f backswing. Her short respawn time for a 4125 cost unit (65s) and 5 knockbacks compensate for her mediocre 43k HP. Although she performs best against Angel enemies thanks to her Massive Damage ability, her high attack power and decent range make her useful against all traits. Her shorter range and considerably worse DPS before True Form mostly limit her to anti-Angel uses, but TF is highly recommended and will be the form discussed henceforth. She unlocks Slow proc against Angels with talents, but it is of low chance and duration so not considered here."
"Kalisa is relevant in most of the game, able to eliminate many Angel threats with her incredible 33.8k effective DPS, including the dreaded Winged Pigge. Her rather high speed (especially with talent) and short TBA allow her to easily attack the enemy frontline and enter the blind spot of LD enemies (most notably Cruel Angel Clionel, whom she effectively counters in both the debut and revenge stages). Among midrange Rushers, her range is also on the high end, allowing her to outrange some midrange enemies, such as R. Ost and H. Nah, as well as of course Angel peons like Angelic Gory, who she can thoroughly destroy even at high magnifications. In addition, her long backswing and high knockback count grant her considerable survivability and aid her performance as a Rusher."
"Kalisa's main weaknesses are her relatively low health/endurance and long attack foreswing making her easy to interrupt, making her survivability and damage output quite low against any enemies that outrange her, especially when compared to other Rushers in late game. Her high speed can also prove suicidal, making her likely to rush into enemies such as Sleipnir who can juggle her with knockbacks, or cause her to clip into Winged Pigge's range, especially if you unlock her Speed Up talent, which can make her better in some places but worse in others due to this, and cannot be turned off. Her matchup against Relics and mixed Relic-Angel stages in the late game is unfortunately not great even with Curse Immune talent unlocked."
"Ultimately, Kalisa is a strong performer in the midrange Rusher class, with some of the highest anti-Angel DPS in the game. Her great overall stats allow her to excel against any enemy she outranges, and she improves considerably with hypermax for late-game use. Kalisa is a versatile unit with substantial generalist and specialist uses, and would be a welcome addition to any player's collection."
