Wheel Cat,2,Gacha Rares
"Wheel Cat (Solar Cat) is a poor anti-Alien Melee attacker with the Massive Damage ability. It has 13.6k HP with 2 KBs, deals 7200 effective DPS to Aliens, stands at 170 range, has a cost of 1050, and a cooldown of 11s. Before True Form, Wheel Cat is generally not recommended for use. It works like a Bird Cat clone, which is to say you almost never use it as it lacks the range to safely attack all but the shortest ranged enemies. Its cooldown is too long given such poor survivability and ends up draining your cash for little gain. At most, it can see some use against melee-range Aliens like Cyberhorns and Nimoy Bores, though it will need support to work against the latter. It can also work against Crazed Cow and his variants as an extra Bird Cat-like unit to spam."
"In True Form, Chill Cat becomes a much better anti-Alien Melee attacker, with its stats rising to 9400 effective DPS (13k with CotC treasures), 200 range and a 5s cooldown. While Chill Cat still does not outrange most regular Aliens, in Cats of the Cosmos there are many melee Starred Aliens such as Star Pengs or General GreGories which are well within Chill's reach. Chill's faster cooldown and higher damage output enables it to quickly stack up and deliver enough DPS to melt through swarms of these enemies even when heavily buffed. However, its low HP still makes it risky to use in the presence of longer-ranged Aliens or in late game mixed stages with e.g. LD/Wave enemies, and its high deploy cost and low recharge time can still lead to cash drain. However, Chill Cat remains valuable in late game advent stages like Royal Jelly Hell, Puffer Planet and Last of the Dead, where being able to quickly mow down melee Aliens is the key to victory. Chill Cat's Cost Down talent (to 750 at max level) can patch up its cash drain issue and let you use it to maximum effect in these situations. Its other talents aren't recommended to invest in, though, and the Knockback talent actively makes Chill Cat worse."
Useful to Own By: 
"Into the Future chapter 2, for Cyberhorns"
Useful to True Form By: 
"Cats of the Cosmos chapter 1, for Star Pengs and General GreGories"
