Kagamine Rin & Len,4,Ubers and Legends
"Kagamine Rin & Len is a decent backline attacker who can CC Black and Metal enemies. They have 450 standing range with an effective range of 250 to 550, and 4100 DPS, 44k HP with 6 KBs, 16 Speed, 4350 cost, 125 second CD, KB Immunity, and a 4s Slow and KB proc against Black and Metals, both having a 50% chance to activate."
"The Kagamines' combination of Slow and KB against Black and Metal enemies might sound like it causes ""Mizli Syndrome"" but there are very few Black or Metal enemies that outrange the Kagamines, mitigating the downsides of this ability set. In fact, as both traits are known well for their high pushing power, it is a very effective combination for controlling them. Their stats are not too bad either, with good LD DPS from a decent backline standing range, making them a viable choice as a Crazed Bahamut replacement. The large KB count contributes to their general usage as well, allowing for many chances to reposition, and reducing the disadvantages to survivability usually associated with KB Immunity."
"One major weakness for the Kagamines is the fact that both Black and Metal enemies have very strong melee attackers. While this unit can reduce the pushing power of enemies if they proc, the reliance on a 50% proc rate and long foreswing makes it easy for many strong melee attackers to get into their blindspot. Their high speed can also make them move in front of meatshields or get too close to enemies, especially against Black enemies with low endurance, making their blindspot issue worse. Furthermore, there are many excellent non-Uber spammable proc units for Metals and Blacks, such as cyclone drops and Bombercat which, while lacking range compared to the Kagamines, can still proc on the majority of enemies from the target traits. The Kagamines also have very little piercing range (only 100) which means their potential as a Sniper is limited and LD is mostly a weakness."
"Overall, the Kagamines have decent stats and a nice ability, but are overshadowed easily because many non-Uber CC units in their traits do the job fine already. They can be very effective in the right situation but their vulnerability to blindspot infiltration means you're often safer just sticking with the alternatives."
