Hatsune Miku: MM2020 Osaka,4,Ubers and Legends
"Osaka Miku is an excellent backline anti-Red/Angel Nuker with 460 range, 12 Speed, 4700 base DPS with a 4s attack rate, 131s CD with 3900 cost and 34k HP with 3 KBs. She has a three-strike multi-hit and Massive Damage to Red/Angel and also has a 10% chance to cause a Savage Blow which allows her to deal triple damage on that particular hit. Her First Form has the same abilities but inferior stats so we will only be referring to her Evolved Form."
"Osaka Miku's greatest strength lies in her extremely fast attack rate combined with multi-hit. She is far more accurate than your traditional backline Nuker as they often have a long attack cycle meaning they are more likely to miss. What appears to be her weakness with her multi-hit turns out to be one of her strengths as enemies will be constantly juggled by her rapid attacks. In the case of tankier enemies, they will end up taking the full damage from all of her hits. Red/Angel in general are a whole mix of bouncy and dense enemies so whichever ones she ends up encountering, they will take the full brunt of her attacks, a formidable 22k effective DPS. She also stands at a very comfortable range and can reposition if need be with her decent KB count."
"Osaka Miku has a little too much speed for her own good, outpacing normal Eraser and therefore takes an early damage knockback quite frequently. Her base DPS is actually not very high; she does have a bit of trouble with mixed trait stages and cannot handle them alone. While her Savage Blow might have been added to somewhat compensate for her lack of DPS, it is not reliable and occurs far too infrequently to be consistent, and can be replaced late-game by more consistent legends. Whereas her multi-hit does have its upsides, it also does deal less damage over an extended period of time due to enemies with high KB count spending more time being knocked back instead of taking damage."
"While there are Rare and Super Rare anti-Red DPS units (Duelist and Bath respectively), there aren't any usable anti-Angel DPS units other than Ubers. Osaka Miku capitalizes on this role exceptionally well and combined with the anti-Angel support from the R and SR categories, she can dispose of most Angel-heavy stages. Overall she is an incredible asset to have against both the Red and Angel traits, especially with buffed Angelic Gories and Gabriels running around late-game stages or Barons."
