Gaia the Creator,4,Ubers and Legends
"Gaia the Creator is an excellent LD Backliner. She sports 4700 base DPS, with Insane Damage against all Traited enemies. She stands at 400 range, with LD spanning from 350 to 550. She has 68k HP with 2 KBs, 8 Speed, a triple multi-hit, and a 123s Cooldown."
"Gaia's strength is, very obviously, her insane 28.5k effective DPS to Traited enemies, which is on par with some of the strongest single-trait specialists. This alone would be enough to make Gaia a great attacker, but account for the fact that this is LD DPS with some piercing range for extra accuracy and sniping potential against midrange enemies, and her power becomes among the most devastating in the game. Gaia's staggered multi-hit spreads her damage across her attack cycle, which combines with her sheer damage output to even act as improvised Crowd Control, keeping enemies out of her blindspot by brute force. Her low speed works in her favor as well, helping her stay behind most meatshields. Gaia also has decent endurance, which in the mid-game or when boosted, helps her tank some damage from high range, wave or LD enemies for long enough to land a hit. Her low inner range, while primarily a weakness, can also be exploited to stack multiple of her, aided by her quite respectable cooldown, leading to unparalleled devastation."
"Gaia's strengths come at the cost of a tiny effective range; 150 piercing range is unreliable for hitting enemy backliners and her mere 50 inner range leaves her vulnerable to both speedy peons (like Angelic Gories or Sir Rels) and low-range rusher bosses (like Bun Buns or Bores). Combined with her low KB count, she has barely any repositioning opportunities and any successful infiltration into her blindspot could prove fatal. Gaia's DPS against Traitless (or when cursed), while still good for an LD attacker, is drastically reduced. Particularly against Curse, her lower-end backline range leaves her vulnerable to Curse from Othom, Loris or Lowkey."
"Gaia's philosophy is ""a good offense is the best defense"". Her traditional defenses are poor with a small LD width and little repositionability, so if you judge her by usual Uber standards she may seem underwhelming, but her raw attack power can comfortably knockback or outright kill most things daring to try and exploit these weaknesses. Her damage is insane enough to be Crowd Control in itself. Additionally, her weaknesses are far from unpreventable. With support from good meatshielding, Stone Cat, and basic Crowd Control units or Breakerblast, even the tankiest of enemies can be kept within her effective range for long enough for Gaia to melt them. This requires more thought to pull off than the average Uber, but for those who do learn to use her well, her versatility is on par with even Fest Ubers"
