Kamukura,4,Ubers and Legends
"Kamukura is a decent backline Uber and anti-Red Crowd Control unit. His main ability is a 50% proc chance for each of his CC abilities, with Knockback and a 5 to 6s Slow (depending on ItF fruit treasures) to Red enemies. Outside of this ability, he has 85k HP with 3 knockbacks, 5200 DPS with a 8.2s attack rate, sits at 475 range, has a cost of 6150, and a cooldown of 151s. Through his talents, he can gain the Resistance ability but this costs too much NP for too little effect in most cases. Pre-True Form, he has worse HP, range, and attack speed, offering DPS comparable to Crazed Bahamut and Ururun Wolf, so he's generally only used in True Form outside of early game."
"Kamukura is effective at controlling frontline Red enemies. With a 75% chance of causing at least one debuff every 8 or so seconds, he excels against strong melee Reds like J.K. Bun Bun, Bore, and Berserkory. Kamukura's attack speed and proc chance are high enough to do this job without leading to Mizli Syndrome too often. For a generalist, he also boasts very high HP, and while other Backliners may die before using all of their knockbacks in late-game stages, Kamukura will almost always be able to reposition twice. His above average range further enhances his survivability, letting him stay out of danger when a typical 450-range Bahamut clone might be taking hits."
"Unfortunately, Kamukura's niche is not very valuable past the mid-game; the enemies he does best against can be effectively stalled by non-Uber options like Enchantress and iCat. Additionally, while his HP and range are both very good for a Backliner, his DPS is nothing special, and many players will replace him with other Backliners that can put out more damage by the late-game, notably Awakened Ururun. These two factors mean that Kamukura declines in use by late-game. In general, his long foreswing leads to him missing attacks and thus not being the most reliable source of either DPS or CC. Kamukura also has a high price so when his weaknesses are a problem, they're an expensive one."
"Overall, Kamukura is a useful early-to-mid game Uber who works well at controlling some threatening Red enemies early on, and offers solid generalist potential towards the middle of the game. However, as Backliner-oriented stages become rarer in the late-game, other high-DPS Backliners become accessible, and you have plentiful other options to counter the common Reds, Kamukura does fall off considerably. An old unit with abilities that are mostly irrelevant to the current meta, while fine for the mid game, he is mostly lacking and replaceable by the late game."
