Ken,4,Ubers and Legends
"Ken is a poor midrange CC/Support unit with 100% KB against Red, Floating, and Angel enemies on the last of his 3 multi-hits. He also has Strong against those traits. He has base stats of 82k HP with 3 KBs, 6200 DPS at 250 standing range, and an Omnistrike area of 350 to -150. He also has 19 Speed, 3600 cost, and a 85s Cooldown"
"Ken has good Midranger-class stats against his targeted traits with 204k effective HP and 11.1k effective DPS, provided full treasures, so he can tank a little when needed and dish out impressive damage against his targeted traits. His 100 piercing range also helps clear peons behind the immediate frontline efficiently. His high speed allows him to reach the frontline quickly, land hits on enemies between their attacks, and infiltrate enemy blindspots. All of this pairs well with his KB ability, which can reset the long attack animations of heavy-hitting enemies and spare your frontline from being wiped out, as well as gain ground against bulky enemies to relieve pressure on your cats."
"Even though his stats sound nice on paper, Ken works terribly in real world use. The biggest flaw with Ken's general viability is his abysmal 250 standing range. His base stats are poor for a Midranger, especially when considering he's on the low-range end of this class, almost eliminating his general usefulness and even making certain hard-hitting enemies in his traits like Owlbrows able to punish him heavily. He isn't disposable enough to afford the level of damage he sustains, with his near long cooldown feeling like an eternity if you are depending on him. His CC has a fatal flaw too; only the last hit can KB enemies, which is fine for most Reds, but doesn't work well on Angels and Floating because they tend to have low endurance and take damage knockbacks anyway, at which point all his multi-hit does is reduce his effective DPS."
"Ken's abysmal multi-hit cuts his DPS to a fraction of its potential and renders his KB ability irrelevant against all but tanky enemies, of which there are few in 2/3 his target traits. Subpar range only makes his job harder, and limits any chance he had of general use. His stats are wasted on bad synergy with the rest of his build, leaving him only a few niches (e.g, vs Clionel) to really excel in."
