Snow Angel Twinstars,4,Ubers and Legends
"Snow Angel Twinstars is an average midrange Rusher. They stand at 350 range, and have 5800 base DPS split equally into a three-part multi-hit; with Massive Damage against Angel and Floating enemies. They also have 37.4k HP, 4 KBs, 27 Speed, and a 4s attack frequency. They also have a 66s Cooldown and 3900 cost."
"Twinstars's strength comes from their damage output. With 17.5 to 23.3k effective DPS against their target traits (depending on ItF fruit treasures), they can finish off all but the bulkiest of enemies very quickly. Rapid attack rate and multi-hit are helpful to control rusher-type peons such as Brollows and Gabriels with pure damage, as well as mow down groups of fast melee pushers like Li'l Bun Bun or Angelic Gory. You can even use them to significantly cut down the HP of bulkier frontliners such as Bun Buns or Boraphims. Low cooldown and cost are both beneficial to their role as a Rusher, where dying is often unavoidable but you can at least get another on the field soon. Their high speed is also useful for entering blindspots of LD enemies, most notably Clionel."
"In its anti-Floating niche Twinstars are mostly redundant, since non-Uber units can handle the melee Floating peons that Twinstars work on with ease anyway - they don't achieve much that a stack of Cameraman Cats won't. They suffer from questionable survivability, owing to low HP and high speed. Since they're a multi-hit unit, they can miss quite frequently, especially against low endurance enemies, causing their DPS to be inconsistent against many Angel and Floating peons. Their base DPS is quite low by midrange Rusher standards so their performance outside of target traits is distinctly sub-par."
"Snow Angel Twinstars work great against Floating and melee Angel enemies, but they are already well handled by Rares. More annoying Angels like Sleipnir with few to no non-uber counters are still bad matchups for the Snow Twinstars due to range. Outside of this niche they suffer even more from lackluster physical stats, but can just about pass as a generalist midrange Rusher if you lack alternatives."
