Mighty Drednot,4,Ubers and Legends
"Mighty Drednot, or in True Form BCS Tigerclaw, is a great anti-Red/Zombie backline Nuker and works well as a generalist backline attacker. it has 64.6k base Damage with a 10s attack cycle and a 4s foreswing, granting him 6400 base DPS, 81.6k HP, 3 KBs, 440 range, 178s Cooldown and Massive Damage against Red and Zombies enemies. As standard for an anti-Zombie, it also wields the Z-Killer ability. it can unlock Soulstrike with talents, though it is not recommended. its Evolved Form is still functional for the job, however it has a 3s slower attack rate (4900 DPS) which makes it somewhat worse overall. "
"Tigerclaw's main strength comes from its great anti-Red/Zombie nuking ability. Comparable to Thundia as an anti-Red but with an extra anti-Zombie niche, Tigerclaw outputs an incredible 258k effective Damage per hit. Even one hit against its traits potentially turns the tides of battle or even outright kills many enemies. With its 26k effective DPS and its comfortable range, outranging most relevant Red/Zombie enemies, Tigerclaw is able to safely eviscerate its targeted traits. it works particularly well against Cadaver Bear, killing him in 1 or 2 hits depending on magnification, a blessing many players strive for. Not only does it work well against its niche, it works rather well as a generalist Backliner. With its above-average base DPS for its backline range, it works, for the most part, as a better C. Bahamut/Ururun for early-mid game."
"However, it's not all positives. Tigerclaw suffers from a long foreswing and attack cycle; with a nearly 4 second long foreswing, Tigerclaw is prone to missing enemies, particularly enemies with a high KB count, lowering its effective DPS. Coupled with a rather long attack cycle, a single whiffed attack leaves Tigerclaw vulnerable to powerful enemy pushers for an uncomfortably long time with no way to fight back. This, combined with its KB count, also leaves him vulnerable to being interrupted and even potentially juggled, which is especially bad against Zombies with burrow. Additionally, Soulstrike is a poor ability for him due to it causing him to waste attacks on peon corpses instead of aiming them at important targets. Tigerclaw also suffers from its long cooldown, meaning if it falls early in the battle, it won't be available again for a long time. Finally, as a generalist Backliner, it is mostly replaceable late-game by A. Ururun who has similar DPS and isn't dragged down by Tigerclaw’s attack rate issues."
"Tigerclaw is an Uber with many great strengths and heavy weaknesses, namely its long foreswing, attack cycle and cooldown. However, with support and correct usage to mitigate its weaknesses, its incredible effective DPS and damage can shine through and completely annihilate the majority of two major enemy traits. A rewarding Uber to own throughout the game."
