Kasli the Scourge,4,Ubers and Legends
"Ritual Saint Kasli is an excellent LD/Surge Midrange Sniper with 375 standing range (LD from 275 to 675) who creates a level 2 Surge spawning between 400 and 700. This leads to a surprising 8900 DPS after the surge is accounted for. Kasli is also an incredibly powerful CC unit with a 50% chance of Knockback against Traited enemies. If this Knockback effect procs, her surge will also cause Knockback on both hits. Kasli’s defenses consist of 49.3k HP with 5 KBs, an intermediate 10 Speed and 3 immunities (Curse, Wave and Weaken) with a 118s Cooldown. The First Form, as is standard for Uberfest exclusives, performs a similar role but is more spammable (12.53s Cooldown). In Kasli's case, this is not useful and the Evolved Form should almost always be chosen."
"Kasli is a near-universal powerhouse. If her ability procs, it hard-controls enemies by juggling them with three rapid succession LD Knockbacks, stunlocking or relentlessly pushing through all defenses. If it doesn't proc, or if the enemy is Traitless or otherwise immune, her huge 9000 LD DPS reliably destroys all in its path instead. Unlike other Uberfest exclusives, she remains devastatingly effective vs Traitless enemies for this reason. Given that Kasli has LD and surge, her Knockback effect hits the frontline and the backline at the same time. This means that, unlike with other KB control units, your other cats won't just walk into regular backline enemies like Le'Noir while the frontline is knocked back. Her attack cycle is efficient, with one attack starting as soon as the previous one ends, giving her steady and reliable control and DPS and leaving her enemies no relief and no escape from her relentless pressure. Curse Immunity makes her unfazed by enemy attempts to disable her CC abilities, Wave Immunity with her standing range allows her to overwhelm almost all wave enemies easily, and her Weaken Immunity is the icing on the cake which ensures her monstrous DPS remains intact."
"Kasli has only 2 true weaknesses: enemies that slip in her blindspot and enemies that have very long range. The first problem can be handled with better meatshielding and a strong frontline, but the second is not so approachable. Sometimes the surge will not hit far enough ahead to knockback enemy super backliners such as Director Kurosawah, and you'll make your units walk into its powerful attacks, running the risk of Mizli Syndrome. On the other hand, sometimes the surge will hit farther away than average and increase the size of the effective blindspot where enemies are safe from Kasli. In either case, combined with the 50% chance of a KB occurring, you might not always get a proc when you need one (or might get a proc when you want just DPS). In summary, she can sometimes be just slightly inconsistent."
"Overall, Kasli is one of most powerful Ubers in the game with numerous strengths, near unmatched ability to push and pressure the enemy army, and just a few weaknesses that can mostly be worked around. She can be brought almost anywhere and with proper support will easily overcome all but a few abnormal stages. While she was built for late/end game with Curse Immunity, she still breaks the early/mid game very well too."
