Cat Machine,4,Ubers and Legends
"Cat Machine is a decent Tanker unit that is made for melee ranged combat as seen from his low 140 range pre-TF and 190 range in True Form. He has a relatively high 153k base Health with 1 KB, along with a 65 second Cooldown and 3600 cost. He deals 94k Damage per hit with a 5.6s foreswing, for 11k DPS. Cat Machine has decent stats as a Tanker and can be used in stages where Tanker units are favorable, but his most defining feature is his Wave Blocker ability in True Form, cancelling out wave attacks entirely. Talents grant him a Freeze proc (50% chance, 4s - not useful), Immunity to Knockback and faster movement speed."
"Cat Machine's ability to cancel out wave attacks is extremely helpful in stages with annoying bosses such as Dober P.D, Elizabeth the LVIth, Berserkory, and many more. Additionally, its Resistant ability can help it tank more attacks (750k effective HP) from certain Red and Alien traited waver enemies which in turn allows it to stay on the field longer to keep blocking the waves. It also has decently fast speed (which can be enhanced further with Talents) which can help it arrive in the heat of battle quicker to assist your frontline. Other than that, it is also fairly cheap with low cooldown which allows it to be more disposable than many other tanks. It also only has one knockback which can be favorable as it increases its endurance and holds the line longer."
"Unfortunately, that's where the positives stop. Its most notable weakness has to be it’s incredibly long foreswing which can make his attacks miss easily and reduce the overall damage it does on the field. Lack of Curse Immunity really limits his usage in Uncanny Legends where high DPS enemies in his traits could quickly destroy him after he gets cursed, and lack of Warp Immunity renders him almost null as a tank against Star Aliens. KB Immunity needs to be unlocked for 100NP to make him work against the likes of Nimoy Bore. Tanking Red and Alien enemies is a rather odd niche to have as Red and Alien enemies generally have really high damage output that can even eat through hundreds of thousands of HP in a short time. Worse of all, waves as a whole have been powercrept, with Talented Dancer and Octopus handling most wave enemies. Octopus in particular outperforms Cat Machine at his Wave Blocker role due to greater disposability and spam rate."
"Overall, Cat Machine can be a good unit in certain levels but is a rather situational unit to have. It can help clean up certain wave enemies like Two Can variants and Kory variants which can be difficult to deal with at times. Although there are many Tanker units out there that can outperform it in certain situations, it is still a decent Red and Alien Tanker that can get its job done if used correctly."
