Mizli,4,Ubers and Legends
"Mizli isn't that useful in First Form, but in its True Form, Mizuririn is a decent anti-Alien Crowd Control Uber with a 100% chance to proc Knockback and Slow against Aliens for 4 seconds (5 seconds with full treasures), Resistance to Aliens, and a guaranteed Barrier Breaker and Warp Immunity for Starred Alien stages. In addition, TF gives a ~20% increase to base stats to reach 51k base HP with 4 KBs, and 5000 DPS at 400 range with 85s Cooldown but is not necessarily needed for her to perform well in her CC role. She sounds useful on paper but, in the end, won't be one of your main anti-Aliens."
"Mizuririn is an excellent Alien staller on Alien stages with no backliners. Without backliners, she can constantly push every Alien enemy back, thus keeping all your attackers safe from all harm. Mizuririn also synergizes well with Sniper units. This is due to how in some stages, Alien backliners get paired with fast rushing or tanky frontliners of different ranges that Seafarer and general units can't handle well. Mizuririn is able to control them, allowing your Sniper to counter the backliners. In these cases, Mizuririn can also act as a secondary CC, if enemies ever manage to push past your stack of Seafarers and go near your Sniper Ubers. Another usage of Mizuririn is on stages with a mix of frontliner traits; where she only knockbacks the Alien frontline to reduce push while still keeping the non-Aliens in the front. This greatly reduces stress on your meatshields, making enemies push less thus keeping Mizli safe before all Frontliner enemies die out. This makes Mizli a valuable unit to have in most of CotC. Her 200k effective HP also means she’s quite hard to kill, and like other Pixies can be used well enough as a Barrier Breaker too."
"The biggest flaw of Mizuririn is that she causes ""Mizli Syndrome"" which is where she knocks the frontline Aliens back which causes other units to rush forward and push. Since most Alien stages include backliners, the backliners will kill your stack after rushing forward; so Mizuririn often causes more harm than good. For the usage of Mizuririn as a general backline damager, she doesn't perform well due to low range as a Backliner which makes her more vulnerable as enemies have to push much less to reach her."
"In conclusion, Mizli is an anti-Alien Uber that causes more harm than good most of the time, but can carry on certain stages. While she might not be as good as other anti-Alien Ubers due to her abilities, she isn't useless and is an ok unit to have from time to time."
