Ushiwakamaru,4,Ubers and Legends
"Ushiwakamaru is a good spammable midrange anti-Angel in First Form, and a backline anti-Angel nuker in Evolved Form as Colossal Benkei. Ushiwakamaru has 16.8k HP with 2 KBs, 2700 DPS at 250 range, 12 Speed, and a 5.9s Cooldown paired with a cost of 825. Colossal Benkei boasts 125k HP with 3 KBs, 6300 DPS at 450 range, a 2s foreswing, 7 Speed, and a 158s Cooldown with 6000 cost. Both forms combine the two core abilities of Resistance and Insane Damage against Angels."
"Ushiwakamaru’s strength lies in his absolute anti-Angel capability, stat-checking every single Angel with his Insane Damage and regular Resistance. He can switch between two roles; in his First Form he is a spammable AoE Midranger with 16.2k effective DPS and 84k effective HP who can be spammed to stack absurdly high DPS against swarms of melee-range Angels. His Evolved Form is a backline Nuker who can hold off all Angels with 638k effective HP and destroy them with 38k effective DPS, outranging or tanking and destroying any Angel foe with ease. These stats make Ushiwakamaru the ultimate anti-Angel specialist. Outside of his excellent anti-Angel role, Colossal Benkei has decent combat stats for a general Backliner too, serving as a better Ururun/C Baha for early to mid-game"
"However, Ushiwakamaru still has weaknesses which hinders his usage. He is vulnerable to Curse, often losing his abilities in late-game Angel and Relic combination stages. Colossal Benkei’s somewhat long foreswing can quite often cause him to miss, especially against high KB count Angel peons. His long cooldown, high cost and slow movement speed also hinder his usage as a generalist Backliner. Meanwhile, in First Form, Ushiwakamaru’s range and DPS are too low, and his cooldown too high, to be of meaningful use outside of Angels as a spammable Midranger."
"Overall, Ushiwakamaru is the epitome of the anti-Angel unit. From the beginning to the end of the game, he stands at the pinnacle of the anti-Angel niche. Benkei’s general performance is adequate to make him a valuable unit to own outside of this niche too, but it is the total domination of Angels that grants him most of his value to the player."
