Sharpshooter Saki,4,Ubers and Legends
"Sharpshooter Saki is an excellent LD Sniper of super backline range (600 standing, 500 to 900 LD) with Target Only. She targets Aliens in all three forms, and additionally Red in her First Form, Zombie (+ Zombie Killer) in her Evolved Form and Relic (+ Curse Immunity) in her True Form. All forms have a DPS of 7600, 45.9k HP, 21 Speed, and 3 KBs. Finally, her cost is 6300 and her cooldown is 58s."
"For her range and class, Sharpshooter Saki is blessed with an extremely high DPS paired with a really long 300 piercing range. This allows her to reach all commonly encountered foes of the traits she targets while standing at a safe range from the vast majority of them. As the Alien trait is famous for its high number of backliners, such as Ursamajor and Elder Sloth, Saki has a plethora of viable Alien targets. While her matchup against other traits is less impressive, she still proves effective against long range or stationary threats in her other 3 traits, such as Professor A, Zamelle, Othom and Mr. Puffington. Her recharge is also abnormally fast for her class and stat build, making it possible to stack her in the right situations, amplifying her already high DPS and enabling cheese strategies. When fighting away from the player's base, her fast speed aids her in reinforcing the frontline swiftly, while not being so fast it leads to excessive suicidal/clipping tendencies like in some other units."
"Saki's core weaknesses are her short inner range and huge blindspot, which are incompatible with the high endurance and/or fast pushing nature of a good number of Red, Zombie (burrow/revive easily infiltrating her blindspot) or Relic enemies, such as JK Bun Bun, Zang Roo and M.Ost, although this can be remedied with the use of strong Crowd Controllers or special cannons. As she is a Target Only unit, another vulnerability is that her attacks are only triggered by units of her traits that are within her standing range, worsening her effectiveness on stages where the peons are of a different trait than the backliners. Lastly, her deployment cost is sky-high even for Uber standards. This can be alleviated by employing Double Cash supports, but still causes difficulties in rush-based or cash tight stages, of which there are many in her Zombie niche especially."
"It's obvious that Saki can not be used as a generalist, but as her high range and piercing alongside high DPS are rare to come by, she's still a valuable specialist to obtain. In her traits, she's very compatible with Alien with its backline-oriented design and while the other 3 are more melee-oriented, she can often exploit them as stepping stones and prove very effective when the backline threats are present. She's very good in Queen Mother V's debut stage to easily rush into the boss's blindspot then outrange and quickly kill the otherwise-challenging 200% Professor A. Compared to specialist Snipers that can out-DPS her individually, Sharpshooter Saki can still compete by being far more stackable mid-battle, provided you can afford spawning multiple of her."
