Kuu,4,Ubers and Legends
"Kuu is a below average backline Nuker, with 420 range, 73k HP and 5 KBs, 80k Damage per hit (5200 DPS), a 2s foreswing and a 15.3s attack frequency, Strong against Red/Black, and Weaken Immunity. Before True Form, her stats are much lower and not really useful. A Wave Resist talent can complement her bulky build to better counter enemies with waves. Her cooldown is 131s."
"Kuu already delivers a very high damage per hit in general, but against her target traits this increases to a huge 120k (7800 DPS), or 144k (9400 DPS) with full ItF treasure. Her HP is also rather high for a Backliner, and is further enhanced to 146k (183k with treasure). Strong is a great ability for her stat build, allowing both her immense stats to be amplified at once. It lets her shine on stages with powerful bosses that need to be tanked, particularly Hannya in Realm/Wrath of Carnage and Professor A in I'll Be Bug. The Red Trait also has a good amount of dangerous wave enemies (such as Two Can and Berserkory), and her high effective health + the possibility (albeit a costly one) of investing in Wave Resist talents can make her an effective counter to these threats, and to a lesser extent general wavers. Unlike a pure Tanker, though, she maintains enough range for some general use as a backline attacker, and doesn't have to eat damage from shorter ranged threats."
"One of the most crippling weaknesses that Kuu has is her rather long attack animation. With a very long attack frequency, if Kuu misses her attack, which she is prone to thanks to her decently long foreswing, her effective DPS can plummet. Black enemies are a bad matchup for her in general, as their typically high KB count exacerbates this problem, and non-Uber options like Pizza Cat already cover this job well. Her awkward range also plays into this weakness, as enemies can more easily push to and interrupt her during this time; her standing range is just a bit too low to be a good Backliner, yet too much to be the specialist Tanker which her build would otherwise allow (though her high KB count makes this questionable too). This unfortunate situation where she doesn't fully commit to being a Tanker or a Nuker means other anti-Reds including non-Ubers are often more suited to the task."
"In conclusion, despite having a good ability against two traits, Kuu finds use in only a few niche, albeit relevant, stages and rarely as an early-game general Backliner. She falls off immensely in late game due to her weaknesses, and is almost unusable until True Form. None of her talents are worth investing into aside from Wave Resist, which can be quite nice if you don't own a full Wave Immune option, as her high bulk and good compatibility with some common wavers let her often do the job well enough, though the NP cost of this means it should only be done as a last resort."
