Dark Aegis Garu,4,Ubers and Legends
"Dark Aegis Garu is a good midrange anti-Traitless Tanker and attacker. He has 153k base HP with 2 KBs, 320 range (Omnistrike with -150 to 400 range), 6400 DPS, 7 Speed, 151s CD and 5400 cost. Additional abilities in his arsenal include the ability to create level 5 Mini-Waves, Strengthen (+100% DMG at 50% HP), Survivor, Wave Immunity, and Resistance to Traitless."
"Dark Aegis Garu has an impressive 612k effective HP vs Traitless, making it the tankiest unit in this niche, with Survive and a slow speed keeping him alive as long as possible. He also boasts an impressive offense, having a whopping 15.3k effective DPS when accounting for Strengthen and mini-waves. Overall, he tanks and eradicates Traitless enemies easily. His mini-waves have a good 813 pierce, and his main attack has 80 Omni piercing, allowing him to chip enemy backliners and hit multi-layered enemies more easily. Wave Immunity also ensures that he can easily destroy most wave stages in the game with his DPS, outranging most common wave enemies."
"All of this may seem very impressive, but Dark Aegis Garu has several major weaknesses that can prevent him from being as good as he first seems. The first is its sub-par survivability outside of the Traitless category. An insufficient base HP and KB count, at a low-end standing range, leaves him vulnerable to enemy backliners and fast pushers. Mixed or Traited stages will often punish this and by late game, he will often not survive the early stages of a tough battle. Midrangers are generally susceptible to damage, and thus need a faster cooldown than longer-ranged alternatives, so his painfully long 151s CD makes it hard to recover from losing him early, with one Dark Aegis Garu often dying long before you can summon another."
"In conclusion, Dark Aegis Garu is a unit with lots of impressive qualities, but is plagued by a long CD and sub-par base survivability. Dark Aegis Garu is limited by these flaws to not reach his full potential and only be able to perform decently, not exceptionally, in most general stages. However, he can still perform impressively in most Traitless stages. This is a rare and valuable niche which remains hard to find competent alternatives for, thus making him nice to own despite his issues."
