Mecha-Bun,4,Story Legends
"Mecha-Bun is a bad Rusher/Tanker hybrid with 54k HP, 190 range, 2 KBs, 23 Speed, 6600 DPS, a 3600 cost and an 85s Cooldown at level 30. In True Form, Ultimate Mecha-Bun gains Strong vs Relic enemies and Immunity to Curse, as well as an improved 68k HP and 7700 DPS."
"Mecha-Bun fills a unique niche of being a tanky Rusher. With an unusually low KB count and high HP for a Rusher, it can approach and tank weaker Backline enemies to utilize its DPS against them, most notably against Li'l King Dragon, Dogumaru and occasionally Lowkey. Against Relics, it has 136k effective HP and 11.6k effective DPS which can be significant in the right situation. Mecha-Bun can also find some usage in a few 4* rush strats as support for Awakened Bahamut."
"While Mecha-Bun may fill a unique niche, this does not mean it is a good niche. In reality it is often better to say it fails at being either a Tanker or a Rusher. Tanking in general is of limited use in the late game as most stages present stacks of high DPS enemies that essentially no cat has enough pure bulk to withstand for a meaningful amount of time. As a rusher, its lack of burst damage is the main problem, as unlike A.Baha who just needs to land one hit to make an impact, Mecha Bun needs to sustain its position on the frontline for a long time to reach the same amount of damage dealt. Even against Relics, A.Baha completely outclasses Mecha-Bun as a Rusher, and later Idi:N further invalidates any possibility of using Mecha Bun for DPS. This leaves Mecha Bun's uses strictly for situations where the enemy frontline is weak enough to let him survive a long time, but not so weak that conventional Rushers also can sustain a prolonged attack."
"In conclusion, while Mecha-Bun seems promising at first due to an unique niche, it utterly fails at it in almost every way due to its underwhelming stats. With little usage throughout the game, even in 4* SoL, its True Form should only be obtained if you are struggling with Primitive Souls 1*."
