Doktor Heaven,4,Ubers and Legends
"Doktor Heaven is a great anti-Alien/Black Backliner. She has 5.8k DPS at 400 range, 187k HP with 3 KBs, an 8s attack frequency, 8 speed, 5400 cost, and a 168s cooldown. Her First Form has Insane Resist against her targets, allowing her to serve as a Tanker, while her Evolved Form (Professor Abyss) has Insane Damage, allowing her to serve as a Nuker."
"Doktor Heaven works well as a specialist ranged Tanker with an absurdly high 1.12M to 1.31M effective HP (374k to 436k endurance). The main use of this is to approach and damage enemies that other units may struggle to land hits on, which is especially relevant against the plethora of Alien backliners. Similarly, she can shrug off high range or LD attacks which would snipe-kill conventional backliners, making her a superb Tackey counter in particular. Her high range for a Tanker also means she is safe from high DPS Melee peons until they break through your first line of defense, at which point she acts as an emergency second line of defense, with enough HP left to hold them off until you can push them back. Professor Abyss, meanwhile, packs an immense 28.8k to 34.6k effective DPS, which simply and effectively makes very quick work of just about any Alien or Black threat she outranges. While lacking the Insane Resist ability in this form, her substantial base HP means that she is still far from fragile, and even in dangerous situations will stay around long enough to do some serious damage before dying. Similarly, this means even outside her traits she has far above average survivability in either form, while also delivering decent DPS for her range class, and can be a solid choice of attacker on stages where conventional C.Bahamut/Ururun-like backliners tend to die often." 
"Doktor Heaven may be near-unkillable from raw damage alone, but her lack of immunities means enemies with CC effects can pose a problem, especially Star Aliens with Warp. In the late game, Curse can also severely limit her durability against swarms of high magnficiation melee Black enemies, to whom her base HP alone will not hold out for long against. Professor Abyss suffers from a very long attack frequency and foreswing, making her prone to missing attacks against low endurance enemies or being interrupted. Black enemies in general are also handled more than well enough with Pizza Cat as your DPS, so you don't really need another Nuker for them. Her long Cooldown also means that without the bulk of the First Form to ensure her survival, it is possible to lose her too early in the battle and be unable to recover."
"Overall, Doktor Heaven's bulk is a great option to counter Tackeys and Alien Backliners, while Professor Abyss's raw anti-Alien/Black DPS can shred through just about anything, and both of her forms can be a decent general Backliner. While she is certainly not without flaws, she can trivialize certain Alien/Black centric stages, even ones which other Ubers/LRs can struggle with, and is a valuable unit to have available in those situations. "