Thunder God Zeus,4,Ubers and Legends
"Zeus is a decent Backliner with 480 range, enough to outrange the majority of enemy threats, 5400 DPS with a 6s attack frequency, 64.6k base HP, 4800 cost, 160 second Cooldown and 2 KBs. When his True Form (which is locked behind completion of SoL) is unlocked, his DPS is bumped to 6100 and has around 71k HP. He has Resistance against Angels (and with talents, Zombies)."
"Zeus gets most of his value from his solid stats at a better than average backline range, safely outranging enemies that a typical 450-ish Backliner can't, such as Master A or THE SLOTH. Furthermore, his high attack frequency lets him deal with enemies with low endurance decently well, such as Rain D and his DPS is decently high for this range. His Resistant ability (260k to 320k effective HP depending on ItF treasures) can be very useful vs a few tricky Angels like Clionel, and with Zombie talent he can also carry Daboo’s Wrath stage if you haven't cleared that by the time you beat SoL to unlock his True Form."
"Zeus has a few flaws which can hurt quite a bit. The first one is his low KB count. This would work for a Tanker but is very low for a Backliner, and gives Zeus minimal chances at repositioning after entering enemy range. This sometimes makes him die relatively fast, especially when enemies are pushing, and especially hurts considering his above average cost and hefty cooldown. His lack of offensive abilities and very limited defensive ability (few Angels outrange him, and by the time melee Angels reach him you are in trouble anyway) makes it hard to find specialist uses for him. This leaves you with just his ok base stats and general use as his main job, and little potential for exceeding those parameters. His talents are not the greatest either. Target Zombie is especially sad, as his build is not ideal for Zombies, with not enough repositions to counter burrows/revives, and a lack of Z-Kill. Like his anti-Angel use, it's mostly just a 1-2 stage situational thing and should not be invested in unless you're desperate. Similarly his Wave Resist talent does not do much for him."
"Overall, Zeus is a decent Backliner who can work for the mid game and parts of the late game as a generalist Backliner (though later is outclassed by TF Ururun), and carry a couple of advents and other tricky stages quite comfortably. His flaws such as low KB count and long respawn can make him awkward to use, and neither True Form nor talents open up his uses beyond mundane high-range backline attacker for the most part. He looks to be intended to be a Tanker, but his range, cooldown, and DPS are infeasible for this purpose. Not the kind of Uber you go out of your way to try and obtain, but good enough to use if you do happen to roll him, especially earlier on."
