Ganglion,4,Ubers and Legends
Ganglion is a powerful midrange LD Rusher with unusually high durability for such a unit. He stands at 300 range but hits between 200 and 550 with 5100 base DPS and 40 Speed. His already quite decent 68k HP and 4 KBs in First/Evolved Form increases to 102k base HP with 6 KBs in True Form. On top of all this he is Strong against Aliens and Zombies. He has Zombie Killer as an auxiliary ability to further advance his anti-Zombie performance. He has a cost of 5400 and his cooldown is 130s.
"Ganglion's main strength is his outstanding raw stats. His base LD DPS is already quite significant in general use, and his 9000 effective DPS against Aliens and Zombies is on par with the best general LD attackers in the game. Furthermore, with his combination of high speed, high durability (255k effective HP) and lower-end standing range, he is very effective at infiltrating blindspots and countering enemy LD attackers, such as in No Return flights where he can easily bypass Dolphina's LD and snipe the Master A. His massive health pool helps him perform all of these roles, and lets him often make full use of all 6 of his knockbacks to stay on the field a long time and sustain pressure on the enemies."
"Unfortunately, such extreme power does not come without flaws to balance it out. His attack cycle is long, and his nearly 3 second foreswing both can cause him to suffer in accuracy, and runs a moderate risk of interruption by enemy attacks. Despite the high HP his also high KB count, while having its advantages too, rules out the option of tanking any significant onslaught in general use (18k endurance). He also bears the signature high cost of Dragon Emperors, and with a relatively long cooldown, you can't afford to let him die too early to get your money's worth from him. His low standing range also comes with downsides, mostly in the form of requiring a firm stepping stone to land hits on longer-ranged threats such as Cadaver Bears."
"With all of these factors considered, we can see that Ganglion is a mixture of strengths and weaknesses. You cannot throw him at any stage and dominate, but need to carefully match him to enemies and setups which favor his strengths and do not overly exploit his weaknesses. His general use will fall off in the later game as it becomes harder to find an ideal situation to use him in even with the considerable improvement that hypermax grants him, but his immense stats against Aliens and Zombies will keep him relevant in those niches until deep into end game. Ganglion will be a very valuable addition to the arsenal of the majority of players, and generously reward those who learn to use him well, functioning as something of a bulky D'artanyan for two traits."
