High Lord Babel,4,Ubers and Legends
"High Lord Babel or Babel the Darkflame is a poor midrange Tanker with 255k base HP, 2 KBs, and 7100 DPS, as well as 390 range, 6750 cost and 158s CD. Babel has Insane Resistance against Red and Floating enemies as his main ability."
"Babel has an absurdly high 1.79M effective HP vs Red and Floating lets him defend against various enemies that can shred regular meatshield-based defences, such rapid attacks from Brollow spam or Professor A, and wave attackers like Pigeon de Sables or Berserkory. Babel's insane amount of HP makes it so he can tank with little to no additional support in most cases. While Babel's durability is his main attraction, and his DPS is nothing too special for a midranger, his damage per hit is very high, able to sometimes deplete multiple enemy knockbacks in a single blow or outright one shot them. This is again particularly nice on Brollows to stop them rebounding. In addition to that, his immunity to Freeze and Slow helps in stages with Henry, Croakley, Queen B., and other enemies with such threatening debuffs. "
"While High Lord Babel's health is outstanding, he has many flaws such as his poor attack cycle, range class, speed, cost and lack of late game use. First, Babel has a 12 second attack frequency which, while longer desirable for a Midranger, isn't fatal on its own. However, Babel's foreswing is also rather long, comparable to Crazed Bahamut who is notorious for missing his targets. These synergize dangerously, such that each attack missed is a severe loss of damage output. Secondly, his range, while too low to be a general backline nuker, is also too high for a Tanker as other midrange units will just walk past Babel so he can't protect them. His somewhat low speed adds to both of these problems, making him sometimes not reach the frontline in time to work even in situations where he could in theory. Babel’s cost is also one of the highest in the game, making him difficult to afford to send out and painful to lose when things go badly. Lastly, Babel's usage falls off dramatically in late game due to swarms of enemies with ever-higher levels of collective DPS that most tanks, Babel included, struggle to withstand for a meaningful amount of time. Abilities like Curse and Toxic also become more common and bypass his Insane Resistance."
"While Babel's incredible effective HP against his traits makes him situationally useful and gives him some noteworthy matchups, his many flaws make him a below average unit in general. Most of his compatible stages are in the midgame, and just as easily handled with Rare and Super Rare alternatives such as Octopus and Roe, then in the later stages of the game he does not work against trickier enemies like Othom, Gobble, or Lowkey. Overall, he is a disappointing unit that shows high stats alone cannot make a unit good."
