Adventurer Kanna,4,Ubers and Legends
"Fabled Adventure Girl Kanna is an LD and Surge Sniper with Massive Damage to Black enemies. She has 400 standing range with a 3 part multiarea LD from 300 to 800|250 to 750|500 to 1000. The first hit also generates a level 3 Surge that spawns between 400 and 700 range. She has 2600 base DPS excluding Surge, 47k HP with 3 KBs, 12 Speed, a 131.2s cooldown, and a cost of 4725. Lastly, she has the Behemoth Slayer ability (with a 5% chance of a 1s dodge). Her Evolved Form, Swashbuckler Kanna, has identical stats but no Behemoth Slayer and a Surge level of only 2."
"Kanna works well as an anti-Black Uber. She boasts up to 20.7k effective LD DPS towards Black enemies in the ideal range interval and if Surge connects. She can easily cripple high endurance Black foes such as Le’Noir and Dark Otter, while juggling low endurance Black enemies with her mutlihit and Surge leading to 6 hits per attack cycle. Her multi-hit works well with her high piercing range to avoid missing too many attacks, and her last hit in particular has a huge 600 piercing range to catch any enemies that were knocked back by prior hits, while also reaching Super Backline enemies like Kurosawah. Kanna is also usable as a general Sniper with up to 5.2k effective LD DPS, provided all hits and surges land, with sufficient range and pierce to hit most backliners with a stepping stone. Her Behemoth Slayer ability offers a nice DPS boost against Behemoths, though many Behemoths are Surge Immune which is not ideal for her. However, it does mean she is able to completely obliterate the Black+Behemoth Ragin' Gory, with an absurdly high 51.7k effective DPS."
"One of the weaknesses of Kanna is that her effective DPS is much lower on low endurance Black enemies as they are not hit by all of her attacks while they are juggled. However, Kanna's DPS can also vary quite a bit in general: while the area her Surge lands in is quite consistent, it doesn't consistently overlap much with all of her main attacks which can usually result in lower than expected DPS. Another weakness is that Kanna can lose her range advantage due to clipping, as her somewhat high speed and short backswing make her advance prematurely. She also has the problem of low inner range on her attacks (with her third attack having none at all) which makes her very suspectible to tough and/or fast melee pushers such as Black Gory swarms invading her blindspot. This means her KBs could be consumed rather quickly and her time on the field might not be long. Quickly killing Black enemies is also simply not that valuable due to the dominance of Pizza Cat (especially with talents) in this niche. Lastly, Kanna's base DPS among Snipers of her range works well enough but makes her somewhat replaceable by Awakened Mina in late game when combined with all of her weaknesses."
"In a nutshell, Kanna works well against Black enemies with her juggling ability and effective LD DPS, though offers little in this department that Pizza doesn't other than a convenience against longer-ranged Black threats like Le’noir. Kanna doesn't perform super well outside of them due to unremarkable stats, and isn't anything special against most Behemoths either, but can still function well as a general Sniper."
