Elder Beast Naala,4,Story Legends
"Storm Beast Naala is a good anti-Relic Tanker/Sniper with 71.4k HP and 2 KBs, attacking from 300 standing range with a three hit Multi-Area LD (1 to 301 / 300 to 500 / 500 to 700) and 5000 DPS in each of these three areas. It has 16 speed, 5.7s attack frequency, 4500 cost, and a 121s cooldown. Additionally, Naala has Strong Against and a 30% chance to Weaken Relics for 3s, and is Immune to Curse, Wave, and Surge."
"Naala has an extremely high DPS compared to other LD units, having 5000 DPS (7500 vs Relic) up to 700 range with effectively no blindspot, making it an excellent backline sniper who can defend itself from close range enemies too. This power is especially useful for dealing with high range Relics, especially Loris. If you are within 300 range of the base, all three of Naala's hits connect with it, giving 15k raw DPS. Naala's high HP (higher than Mecha Bun) even allows it to double as a Tanker against Relic enemies such as Lowkey and Dogumaru. For 4* restrictions, Naala is another good option for a LD, Wave Immune, or Surge Immune attacker and can hence act as a second Mina, Musashi, and Jagando respectively. "
"Unfortunately, there are several big problems with Naala that prevent it from reaching full potential. Most significantly, its standing range of 300 is extremely unfavorable for an anti-Relic attacker since this leaves Naala unable to directly outrange hard pushers like Relic Bun Bun and M. Ost. Additionally, the Multi-Area attacks do not overlap each other, so only one of Naala's three hits will contact most enemies. Naala's multihit rate is too frequent to allow a slower enemy to run back into range for the next attack but also infrequent enough that a faster enemy can slip between attacks and not get hit at all. Additionally, Naala stands 1 range away from the enemy base if it is unprotected, far ahead of your meatshields, so when enemies come out of the base it is first to take hits. These factors leave Naala highly vulnerable to being rushed down due to their low KB count, which is especially detrimental due to a long cooldown for its range class. Naala's 30% Weaken, while useful when it lands, is also highly inconsistent, leaving the ability as a nice bonus rather than an actual CC role that Naala can use."
"Naala is a unit that introduces a very unique ability to hit different areas with different multihit attacks. While this is beneficial in many situations, there are features in its design that act as both a blessing and a curse. Naala is a very powerful LD unit against Relic enemies with the capability of being a strong tanker, but a low standing range, strange LD mechanics, and sluggish cooldown keep them from being dominant. Naala still performs very well where it can exploit a stepping stone to stay at a safe range, and the bonus of Wave and Surge Immunity gives Naala more 4 Crown applications."
