Musashi Miyamoto,4,Ubers and Legends
"Musashi Miyamoto is a solid midrange anti-Black Legend Rare. He stands at 400 range with 9300 base Single Target DPS, 83k HP with 4 KBs, 4275 cost and 91s Cooldown. He has a fast 2.2s attack cycle with a two part multi-hit, 20.4k base Damage split equally between them, and both Resistance and Insane Damage to Black enemies."
"Miyamoto outranges most Black enemies. Le'noir and Kurosawah are the main exceptions but his ~400k effective HP and 100k endurance against Blacks means he still handles them without issue. Similarly, his DPS is 46k to 56k against Black enemies, so he cuts through them like paper. With his high effective HP and enormous effective DPS, he is a near-unmatched powerhouse against Black enemies. In general use, he behaves like a one-click Dragon stack, with the same range as Dragon Cat variants but several times the single target DPS at several times the cost and recharge. Anywhere you can stack Dragons to great effect, Musashi can join in. His large HP and fine KB count aid him in surviving situations a Dragon variant might not, and his fast attack rate applies constant pressure, letting him do pretty well at this job."
"Miyamoto's most glaring weakness is his Single Target nature being poorly compatible with swarms of enemies, which Black-heavy stages he's supposed to counter feature heavily. Large groups of enemies, even Black ones, easily overwhelm him where even an average Rare or Super Rare area attacker would easily handle things. Lacking the convenience of AoE, he is limited to mostly crippling exposed single boss-class enemies and needs robust support to contribute in stages with any real peon presence."
"Miyamoto fulfils the usual Legend Rare requirements of dominating his niche. However, it is unfortunate that his niche happens to be Black which is already easily taken care of by a plethora of accessible Rare, Super Rare and Special Cats such as Assassin Bearcat and Pizza, many of which handle enemy spam better than him. His generalist usage quickly drops off as you move past the mid-game and the traditional Dragon stack largely falls out of the meta, and the likes of Awakened Ururun in late game will give similarly large AoE DPS."
