Megidora,4,Ubers and Legends
"Megidora is a decent backline attacker and anti-Floating CC with Slow and Knockback against Floating, both with a 50% proc rate. In True Form, God Emperor Megidora has 82k HP with 3 KBs, 6200 DPS, 20 Speed and 425 range. He also has 5700 cost and a 151s Cooldown. Before True Form, his stats are a little worse and his range is lower, making him mostly unimpressive outside of the early game. He has access to a level 3 Wave Attack talent with 15% chance to trigger at max level."
"Megidora is a decent generalist. He has a decent amount of HP, ensuring he will use all of his repositions, and solid DPS for his range class. His fast attack rate ensures that he can handle enemy spam better and that your run will not be affected as heavily by missed attacks (unlike those of Crazed Bahamut and other slow Nukers). As for his CC ability, he works well enough as a counter to Bun Bun variants. His wave talent also expands his general use to include some high damage piercing power if you want it, though you will likely not invest NP in this over more important talents."
"Despite being a decent generalist, sadly that's all he offers. His anti-Floating niche can be easily outclassed by Rares and Super Rares such as Sanzo, Octo, Cameraman etc. Knockback is also typically not a desirable ability, as many Floating-oriented stages contain a backline attacker that you want to not hastily push too hard against, else your cats get wiped out, or “Mizli Syndrome”. His lower-end range by backliner standards combined with his moderate movement speed, also expose him to more risk than slower or higher ranged alternatives."
"In conclusion, Megidora is a decent generalist, and if you get him in the early game he will be very nice against Bun Buns until your Rare/Super Rare anti-Floatings are ready to go, but that’s all he is. Given this state of affairs he naturally drops in relevance in the late game, where Awakened Ururun clearly outclasses him as a generalist for the occasions when you lack a specialist for a given situation."
