Myrcia,4,Ubers and Legends
"Myrcia is a below average midrange wave Sniper, standing at 330 range with a multi-hit attack which is guaranteed to create a level 4 Wave on the second hit, increasing her DPS from 4300 to 7100. Her other core ability is a 2s Dodge against Traitless enemies with a 30% proc chance, along with 81.6k base HP and 4 KB for her general survivability. True Form is highly recommended as her HP is halved and her wave is only level 2 before this."
"Defensively, Myrcia's power lies on her ability to sometimes become invincible to the attacks of any Traitless enemy for 2 seconds. Since a good portion of this trait is composed of peons, their weak attacks can help in triggering this ability more frequently. Her cooldown is relatively fast for an Uber and 4 KBs are decent for repositioning. Offensively, she can snipe foes up to 933 range whenever her second hit connects, with a DPS of 2800 on her waves, acting as a kind of ""Uber Manic Macho Legs""."
"For weaknesses, her multi-hit can not only diminish her effective DPS and lengthen the ""foreswing"" of her wave attack but also knock away low endurance foes and peons before the all-important Wave hit can connect, limiting Myrcia's Sniper capability to bulky targets or really fast stepping stones. Her wave attacks also often eliminate waves of peons which she could utilize to trigger her Dodge. Both of these points highlight her key weakness of her abilities working against each other. When it comes to her Traitless niche, she lacks any extra defensive skill to support her Dodge, forcing her to rely completely on luck."
"In the end, despite having an array of special abilities (Multi-hit, wave attack, Dodge), Myrcia fails to be competent in most of her roles. Against Traitless, you are probably better off using more specialized stalling units, but her Dodge may or may not function well in a situation where your units are at constant risk. As a Sniper, her wave reach is pretty good, but overall DPS is similar to no gacha options, like Hermit Cat or Awakened Mina, limiting her wave usage to peon clearer. As a redeeming point, she does have sufficient range to act as a Midranger, but don't expect anything spectacular."
