Yuletide Nurse,4,Ubers and Legends
"Yuletide Nurse is a decent generalist Backliner with usable anti-Angel and Alien CC. She has 5500 DPS at 445 range, 48k HP with 3 KBs, a 121s Cooldown, and the additional abilities of Slow (50% chance, for 4s) and Knockback (50% chance) against Alien, Angel and Aku."
"Yuletide Nurse's strength mostly comes from her decent generalist qualities for early-mid game, working basically like a slightly worse version of regular Nurse Cat, and hence a better Crazed Bahamut. Her stats are solidly average across the board with no major deficiencies or outstanding qualities. Her performance as an attacker is therefore often satisfactory but rarely impressive. She also packs anti-Alien and Angel CC at a very high range for a proc unit, with her Slow and KB good for controlling Aliens and Angels, especially against threats like Sleipnir where Rare alternatives like Sanzo are outranged. Her rare anti-Aku niche can be useful in limited situations such as against crowds of Aku Gory or Condemned Pengs by controlling them from a safe range. "
"For her generalist qualities, while good for early-mid game, she gets mostly outclassed by other Uber Backliners and Awakened Ururun by late-game. Her CC can also rarely cause the dreaded ""Mizli Syndrome"", especially against Alien enemies, but the low chance of both procs occurring on the same hit (25%) and moderate attack rate mean this is not a large issue. Against shorter ranged enemies, more spammable anti-Alien/Angel rares like Psychocat, talented Sanzo, etc will outclass her CC performance, limiting her usefulness. Her Aku niche is a rather less replaceable by common units but cannot affect Shielded Akus which robs her of any noteworthy matchups. Even outside of Shields, her lack of Surge Immunity additionally means that Death Surge Akus such as Condemned Peng are a big problem, leaving more or less only Aku Gory swarms as a relevant matchup."
"Yuletide Nurse, much like her non-seasonal counterpart, is good enough to be used as a general backline attacker until late game, with extra (if rather outclassed) value coming from decent CC against two traits and a rare but not that useful Aku niche. She's not going to make a huge impact in your collection unless she's one of your first Ubers, but she has some nice uses if you're lacking more powerful options."
