D'artanyan,4,Ubers and Legends
"D'artanyan is a versatile anti-Traited LD midrange Rusher with two distinct forms. In First Form, D'artanyan is a decent spammable attacker with 11s CD and 810 cost. He has 1700 base DPS at 250 range (LD 140 to 360) and ~15k HP with 4 KBs. In Evolved Form, Meow-sketeer loses spammability (91s CD) but gains much better stats across the board, with 325 range (LD 200 to 550), 3400 base DPS, 46k HP, 6 KBs, and 24 Speed, as well as immunities to Warp and Wave. The main feature of both forms is Massive Damage against all Traited enemies. Both forms have uses, but it is by far the Evolved Form which performs better overall."
"Meow-sketeer's biggest strength is his extremely high effective anti-Traited LD DPS of 10.1k to 13.5k (depending on treasures), on par with the strongest general Nukers in the game. Almost every aspect of his build makes great use of this power, with a big 225 piercing range, a quick attack rate, high movement speed, and a rebound attack cycle all enhancing his destructive potential and keeping enemies out of his blindspot. You can be sure he will quickly and consistently shred the enemies in any situation you can use him in, and his auxiliary abilities expand the situations you can use him in vastly. His medium range and high speed let him easily infiltrate blind spots while also sniping enemy midrangers and lower-end backliners comfortably. Wave Immunity enhances his versatility with good matchups against all recurring wavers, and Warp Immunity maximizes his utility across Star Alien stages. Last but not least, Meow-sketeer has fairly good survivability for a midrange Rusher, with a high KB count and high backswing keeping him out of danger as much as you could really hope for. His First Form similarly derives its worth mostly from high anti-Traited LD DPS, and a stacked group of D'artanyans can quickly melt through crowds of tough melee enemies, though this is rarely preferred over the Evolved Form's overall superiority."
"Meow-sketeer's below average base DPS and high reliance on Massive Damage to be fully effective means he is relatively underwhelming against Traitless enemies and late game Curse stages. His other main weakness is that his HP is not too impressive, which stops him from taking full advantage of his high KB count, especially in late/endgame where he can die in just a few hits. His high speed worsens this issue by causing him to run ahead of your frontline often, taking hits that a slower unit would avoid. Late game Zombies also pose a problem as he cannot Z-Kill them, and their burrow/revive mechanics can infiltrate his blindspot and deal some heavy damage. D'artanyan in First Form, meanwhile, as a Sniper loses to other midrange LD and Wave units such as Housewife, Fiend or talented Pizza in piercing and standing range, and despite his high DPS you can often make use of even more spammable units such as Cameraman and Manic Flying to more quickly build up close range DPS."
"While D'artanyan's First Form faces tough competition from non-Uber Midrangers with better survivability, higher spammability and longer piercing range, his Evolved Form truly shines as an extremely destructive and versatile midrange Rusher with anti-Wave and sniping capabilities. Despite his less impressive matchups against Traitless, Relic and Zombie, Meow-sketeer is still far from bad in these situations, and almost unstoppable elsewhere. Given the huge value of Rushers and LD in the meta, he will certainly carry you through most of the game effortlessly, and even in the worst case scenarios where his mediocre health holds him back in the end-game, his raw power is still more than enough to be a worthwhile glass cannon."
