Mighty Kat-A-Pult,4,Ubers and Legends
"Mighty Kat-A-Pult is an ok LD Sniper Uber with Resistance to Zombies, Zombie Killer as well as a 50% chance to weaken Zombies to 50% attack for ~8 seconds. In True Form, CAT-8-Behemoth has an effective range of 150 to 725 from 400 standing range, 136k base HP, 3200 DPS and 3 KBs. It also has a 4875 cost and a 3 minute long recharge. Talents give it a 20% chance to create a Level 4 wave with each attack."
"Behemoth is a decent LD anti-Zombie Uber. Its attack can hit every long ranged Zombie in the game such as Zamelle, Lord Gravey and Cadaver Bear, making it an effective counter to these as long as there isn’t a spam of stronger burrowing enemy peons like Zeals, Zang Roo and Zory. For general usage, Behemoth works decently well on specific levels as it has a very huge coverage range. With 325 piercing and a small 150 blindspot, it can easily hit most enemies in the field, from frontliners to enemy backliners like Nyandam variants. It also has the highest HP among all Snipers in the game without Resistance applied. This gives it some interesting usage such as being used on stages that would normally stop you from using a backline LD unit entirely, with the main example being stages with piercing enemies (Dolphina/Mr.Mole etc). Despite the low proc chance, its wave is particularly helpful by increasing its damage per hit from time to time, and its wave covers its blindspot. Behemoth’s wave also has higher reach, thus allowing it to damage super backliners like Sunfish Jones variants."
"Behemoth's biggest weakness is that being a LD unit doesn't fit well as an anti-Zombie. Most Zombie enemies have the Burrow ability, and they can easily burrow into Behemoth's blindspot (150 range blindspot + 320 hitbox). This leaves Behemoth unable to do anything other than just stand there and receive a lot of damage. Behemoth also has a below average DPS for a backline Sniper, so you will probably end up not using it as one unless boosted. While it is true that Behemoth’s wave talent can improve its usage and niche, it is not really worth the cost and more recommended to spend the NP on other units."
"In conclusion, Behemoth is still workable as a counter to higher ranged Zombies like the infamous Cadaver Bear, but it requires support to clear out burrowing enemies. Behemoth works quite well as a general Sniper with huge LD coverage, but low base DPS might lower its usage."
