Mighty Deth-Troy-R,4,Ubers and Legends
"Mighty Deth-Troy-R (Siege Walker Diabolosa) is a subpar generalist Backliner with a decent anti-Aku/Angel/Zombie nuking niche. It has 69.7k HP with 3 KBs, base Damage of 26.9k (4100 DPS), 475 range, 3450 cost, 3 Speed, a 180s Cooldown, 3.8s foreswing and the additional abilities of Z-Killer, Massive Damage towards Aku, Angels and Zombies and Slow Immunity. "
"Siege Walker Diabolosa's main strengths lie in its 16.4k effective DPS against Angels and Zombies (assuming full fruit treasures) and 12.3k effective DPS for Aku. Combined with its above-average range, Diabolosa works sufficiently well as a backline Nuker against 3 relevant traits. Ranged Angel and Zombie enemies who are poorly covered by non-Uber options such as Cadaver Bear, Chickful A, Winged Pigge and Sleipnir can be nuked for over 100k damage in a single hit. It also has the rare and valuable niche of being an anti-Aku Nuker, outranging all Aku enemies with the exception of High Priest Mamon's Omnistrike. Notably, it deals enough damage in a single hit (~80k) to one shot a 100% Fallen Bear when its shield is down, and deny higher magnification bears the opportunity to regenerate their shields more than once with a well timed hit. Diabolosa's 475 range lets it outrange anti-Bahamut enemies like The SLOTH/Master A and, in combination with its slow speed, helps keep it safe in general backline use. Low speed is also conducive to defending the base from burrowing Zombies, and low summon cost for a backline Uber is helpful on cash tight stages, of which there are many in the Aku and Zombie metas."
"Diabolosa's foreswing is painfully long, similar to Crazed Bahamut, leading to it often whiffing its attacks and reducing its already poor base DPS, considerably below general backliner standard. This also leaves it vulnerable to hard-pushing Akus or Angels, and burrowing Zombie ambushes. Diabolosa also lacks Shield Pierce, relying on raw DPS or the support of a dedicated Shield Piercer to make meaningful progress against them. Akus with Death Surges and Burrowing/Reviving Zombies also bypass its range advantage and can quickly eliminate it from the field, at which point its huge 3 minute cooldown is punishing and potentially fatal. Diabolosa is also incredibly slow to move, and while this offers some defensive advantages it makes it overall worse at fulfilling the need for backline DPS."
"All-in-all, Siege Walker Diabolosa is a unit with substandard base stats and a plethora of weaknesses which almost entirely eliminate its general usefulness and meaningfully hinder its performance against its target traits. That said, its impressive range coupled with very high damage per hit against three of the more difficult traits in the game, including being one of the few Aku counters, means these weaknesses can often be overlooked as its strengths shine through in the right circumstances. "
