Nurse Cat,4,Ubers and Legends
"Nurse Cat is a decent Backliner with about 48k HP, 5800 DPS with 38k Damage, 460 range, 3 KBs, and the ability to KB and 4s (4.8s with full treasures) Slow Black and Floating enemies, each with 50% chance to proc. She also has a 6.6s attack rate of which half is foreswing, 121 second recharge, and costs 4350. Talents can improve both her proc rates to 80%."
"With good range and damage, Nurse Cat works well as a general backline attacker. Her decent attack rate is able to control peons rather well while also being able to do a considerable amount of damage per hit. While not the most reliable, her CC isn't too shabby either, able to work fairly well at keeping Floating and Black enemies off of her, even if replaceable. These two traits push relatively hard, and Nurse can either proc her CC or brute force KB many of them. Although not the most reliable CC for Floating and Black, with talents she can raise her proc rates, which make her a lot more reliable. Sanzo Cat and Bombercat do work for most Black and Floating enemies, but with Nurse's range she can counter a few enemies that those two can't, like Le’noir. Nurse also has a Curse Immunity talent to stay relevant in the face of Relics."
"Nurse Cat has a long foreswing, meaning she has a considerable chance to miss her attacks, although her fast attack rate helps make up for it a little. In addition, Nurse has only mediocre survivability with few chances to reposition, with below average KB count and health. In some cases, hard hitting enemies, especially by late game, can easily kill her with a few hits, sometimes even 1 or 2. She does have higher than average refresh rate, but in later stages in the game the lack of good survivability can hurt. KB against Black is also a seldom used CC as they naturally have high KB count save for a few enemies, and against Floating can sometimes do more harm than good due to Mizli Syndrome. Both traits are also widely powercrept by more accessible options and Nurse will perform worse as a specialist control unit than the likes of Bomber and Sanzo even if you invest in her expensive talents."
"Nurse Cat shines as a generalist Backliner thanks to her above average range, but stiff competition in this category means there are better options. Awakened Ururun can perform Nurse's job as a generalist as well, even outperforming Nurse in many cases thanks to higher DPS, only being situationally more useful where her 10 extra range matters like Master A. As a specialist, in late game where Sanzo and Bomber are sometimes impeded by longer ranged enemies with Curse, Nurse can remain relevant as a higher ranged alternative that still works well under those conditions. Overall, she is a strong generalist and a decent specialist, but not quite powerful enough in either role to be a top choice in most stages."
