Squirtgun Saki,4,Ubers and Legends
"Squirtgun Saki is a decent LD Sniper of super backline range (600 standing, 500 to 900 LD) with Target Only. She targets Floating/Black in her 1st form and Floating/Angel in her 2nd form. Her DPS is 7600 and she has 45.9k HP with 3 KBs, while moving at 21 speed. Finally, her cost is 6300 and she has a 58s Cooldown."
"For her range and class, Squirtgun Saki is blessed with an extremely high DPS, paired with a really long 300 piercing range which allows her to reach all commonly encountered foes of the traits she targets, while standing at a safe range from the vast majority of them. This makes her an excellent counter to high range threats of her traits such as Sleipnir, Kurosawah and Othom. Her recharge is also abnormally fast, allowing her to be stacked in the right situation, amplifying her already great LD DPS and enabling cheese strategies. When fighting away from the player's base, her high speed aids her in reinforcing the frontline swiftly, while not being so fast it leads to excessive suicidal/clipping tendencies like in some other units."
"Squirtgun Saki's core weakness lies in a low number of valid targets. While she does have good matchups against boss-type enemies of her traits, most relevant Black/Angel/Floating foes are fast melee pushers, such as Angelic Gories, and hence incompatible with a Sniper with such a huge blindspot. On this same note, being a Target Only unit causes her attack to only be triggered when a foe of her traits comes into her standing range, so she can struggle to land hits on her targets if the enemy frontline is not comprised of compatible targets . Another considerable issue is her sky high deployment cost, which can be remedied by bringing Double Cash supporting units, but still causes her certain struggle on rush stages."
"In the meta, it should be obvious that her generalist usage is null, but Squirtgun Saki is still a valuable specialist to have, as her high range and piercing alongside such high DPS are difficult to replace. In her traits, she finds most use against Angel and Floating, who still feature threatening backliners even in late game, while having little direct use against Black as only a few of them are backliner type enemies. Even then, short ranged foes of her traits can still be exploited as stepping stones. Compared to specialist Snipers that can out-DPS her, Squirtgun Saki can still compete by being far more stackable mid-battle, provided you can afford spawning her."
