Mola King,4,Ubers and Legends
"Mola King is a poor backline attacker at 491 range with ~2600 DPS, a short 85 second Cooldown, and an extremely low HP of 170 with 1 KB. In True Form, his range is increased to 551."
"Mola King's main selling point is his very high 551 range. This allows him to outrange several recurring backline enemies in the 450-501 range class, who tend to outrange many other backline Ubers. He also has a relatively short cooldown for a backline attacker, which paired with his excellent range allows him to be easily stacked during a battle; this stacking can make up for his poor DPS, although do keep in mind that the enemies Mola can be stacked on typically aren't very threatening in the first place."
"However, all of Mola King's other stats are very poor. He has extremely low HP and no ability to reposition, which means that virtually any hit from a weaker enemy can kill him. Even with his high range, his non-existing survivability renders him powerless against LD enemies, waves, surges, and Zombie burrows. Furthermore, Mola King's DPS is fairly low even when considering his high standing range. Lower-ranged backline attackers tend to have much higher DPS, which makes them more comfortable to use against shorter-ranged enemies. While Mola King does outrange long-ranged threats such as Master A. and Sloth variants, more often than not they're hiding behind shorter ranged peons, which makes it harder for Mola King to reach them. Generally, LD and wave units are much more effective against these backline enemies due to their piercing range making it possible to snipe backliners behind frontline enemies easily."
"Overall, Mola King does not have anything of relevance going for him, even when compared with Bahamut Cat and pre-TF SoL drop units such as Ururun Wolf or Li'l Nyandam. His paper-thin defenses render him utterly useless against LD enemies, Zombies, and – without support from Wave Blockers – even early game wave enemies. While his 551 range is very high among general backline Ubers, Mola King lacks enough DPS or piercing range in the form of LD or Omnistrike to make it worth using over the more easily accessible alternatives of Bahamut and SoL drop units. With below average stats across the board and no special abilities to compensate, Mola King will perform very poorly throughout the entire game."
