Sakura Miku,4,Ubers and Legends
"Sakura Miku CC is a good anti-Alien CC unit with a 100% chance to Freeze Aliens for 2s, paired with 500 standing range (400 to 750 LD range) and a fast attack rate. Sakura Miku also works quite well as a general use Sniper with 37k HP, 5 KBs, 3800 DPS, 5 Speed, under 2 minute recharge and low 3900 cost for an Uber. She also has a 30% chance to break barriers."
"Sakura Miku has a rare combination of LD + Freeze ability that is well suited to dealing with the Backliner-heavy Alien trait. Despite her low uptime, the rapid Freeze proc greatly reduces the enemies’ pushing power and gives times for your units to push back. Sakura Miku also has very good survivability due to two factors. First, her high KB count which lets her reposition when enemies do get into her blindspot, and second is her low speed which keeps her behind your meatshields and safely in the backline so as to never become exposed to unnecessary danger.  Due to these factors, Sakura Miku is able to provide consistent support for a long time and perhaps even stack. You can also exploit her large blindspot to stall on starting peons to stack Sakura Mikus if needed. Her performance is not hindered much by Star Aliens, even those deep in the enemy backline, as she can break their barriers and then Freeze them as usual."
"The main weakness of Sakura Miku is that she has quite low HP so when her range and CC do not keep her out of harm's way, she can die very easily. This is a particular issue in late-game when highly magnified enemies can do enough damage per hit to stop her utilizing all of her KBs, which she relies on to reposition and recover. Another smaller weakness is her large blindspot that fast, hard-pushing enemies can infiltrate if your defences are not strong enough. Nimoy Bore and General GreGory are the main Aliens this applies to, but in mixed stages fast peons of other traits can also pose this problem."
"In conclusion, Sakura Miku works very well on both pure-Alien stages, and mixed Alien stages and is a very good addition to your team. She also works well as a Sniper with decent DPS, high amount of KBs and low speed that doesn't clip."
