Elder Mask Doron,4,Story Legends
"Elder Mask Doron (Cat Mask Doron) is an exceptional anti-Relic CC unit and a great Surge Sniper. Doron has 378k HP but dies after attacking once. In addition, he has 19k damage and 2.5s foreswing, 400 standing range with Omnistrike from 600 to -1000, a 100% chance to create a Level 3 Surge between 400 to 1000 range, 100% chance to Freeze Relics for 8s, and immunities to every effect except for Toxic. He costs 1800 and has a 53s cooldown. First Form has inferior stats and is not used."
"Doron's long Freeze is immensely powerful, giving you a huge opportunity to fight back against Relics or rush them down with ABaha/Idi. Combined with his Surge, he can potentially Freeze Relic enemies for a little over 10s straight. His damage output is also noteworthy, even outside of anti-Relic use, as his Surge can potentially deal 57k burst damage to backliners (73k at Level 40) to quickly turn the battle in your favor. For both his damage and CC roles, Doron's vast HP and immunities are great for ensuring he is essentially never interrupted, and piercing Omnistrike ensures he does not miss due to a trivial change in the enemy frontline during his long foreswing. These factors make him reliable, and almost always worth his modest 1800 deploy cost. Additionally, while large foreswing is typically a pure weakness, Doron's near-indestructibility means that during this long foreswing Doron is also serving a defensive role by holding the frontline against almost any enemy, not unlike Boulder Cat. All of these applications are incredibly important in the very late game such as 2/3/4 Crown UL, and his role is highly unique and hard to replace."
"Doron's most obvious weakness is that he dies after attacking, making his attack a one-time-use bomb. This forces you to use him carefully, especially when you have to wait nearly a minute to try again. If you send him at the wrong moment when the enemy frontline is shifted by a large amount, even his piercing Omnistrike cannot always save you from a disappointing miss. Furthermore, his Surge has a very wide random spawn area; at minimum it may only reach up to 525 range and not damage certain backliners, while at maximum range it may only hit from 750 upwards and go entirely past more midrange targets. As most of his damage is in his Surge, this can be fatal if your strategy depends on it. It is less of a problem for his CC use as the unextended base 8s Freeze on the initial hit is still amazing. Doron's huge HP is also not infallible. Stacks of high magnification enemies can and will cut through even that much HP in a few seconds if given the chance, and his lack of Toxic Immunity is a potential weakness too."
"Elder Mask Doron is a completely unique unit with incredibly potent anti-Relic CC and burst damage applications. His synergy with Idi to Freeze and rush down Relics is almost a requirement when fighting the insanely magnified enemies of 2/3 Crown UL, and under 4 Crown UL restrictions. He has failsafes against missing his attacks with his high HP, immunities and piercing range, but it can still happen under bad circumstances. This and/or his Surge RNG can potentially render him useless in the worst case scenario, but with skilled and careful use Doron can nevertheless be an irreplaceable strategic tool in every endgame player's arsenal."
