Gravi,4,Ubers and Legends
"Gravi's True Form, Gravolodon, is a good melee wave attacker with Resistance to Aliens, Barrier Breaker, Warp Blocker and Wave Immunity. He creates a level 4 Wave that extends to 933 range and does 30k Damage, and has 5100 base DPS at 230 range, 120k base HP with 2 KBs and 8 Speed. Lastly, he has 3870 cost and 78 second Cooldown. Stats in Evolved Form are considerably worse and not worth using. First Form is a more spammable variant which is not very useful either. True Form is essential for most uses."
"Gravolodon works well as a Tanker and as a wave attacker. His high effective HP (600k with full COTC treasure) and Warp Blocker ability enable him to comfortably tank both Aliens and Star Aliens. Besides that, his Wave ability boosts his effective DPS up to as much as 10.3k against bulky enemies, and he can hence deal some serious damage before dying even outside of his Alien specialisation. He is also usable as a Sniper as his wave alone has around 5k DPS and is able to hit nearly every common backliner in the game, even Nyandam and Sunfish Jones variants. His wave also elevates his Barrier Breaker ability to be effective at clearing both front and backline barriers at once. Wave Immunity is generally not too useful given his range class but is very effective against Alien wavers such as in Ajillo Highlands."
"Gravolodon does not perform well in tanking general enemies or in mixed trait stages where his HP at low range will not last long. Besides that, he has a somewhat low damage per hit, so he needs to survive long enough to deliver multiple strikes in order to show his worth, unlike other Tankers who can instantly deliver ~100k Damage with their first hit and then happily die, having done their job. Lastly, he has longer than average cooldown compared to other melee units, so he doesn't spend all that much time on the field outside of Alien stages."
"In conclusion, Gravolodon works well, as a general wave attacker, Barrier Breaker and anti-Alien Tanker in True Form. However, his low damage per hit and range prevent him from being as good as certain competitors in these classes."
