Dioramos,4,Ubers and Legends
"Dioramos is a decent backline Tanker of 410 range. His core abilities are to KB and Slow Angels at a 100% proc chance for 4 to 4.8 seconds depending on treasures. Additionally, he also breaks barriers with 100% chance. Offensively, Dioramos sports 59.5k Damage at a 9.4 seconds attack rate, resulting in 6300 DPS. Defensively, he has Slow Immunity, 231k HP and 2 KBs. Lastly, his speed, cost and recharge time are 4, 6600 and 157 seconds, respectively. It's not recommended to use Dioramos before his TF, as his stats are much worse. His most notable talent is Strengthen by 50% when at half HP or lower, triggering on his last KB."
"For a Backliner, Dioramos has great general HP paired with a low number of KBs, netting him superior endurance to most other Ubers. This allows him to stand for a good while underneath the fire of long range or wave enemies, such as Sunfish Jones or Kory, without losing ground. Against Angels, his high range allows him to assault enemies such as Winged Pigge, Sleipnir and Chickful A which lower ranged Rare/Super Rare CC units can't tackle effectively, and regain ground while disabling any Angel frontliner for some time. To further empower his offense, after unlocking talents, a strengthened Dioramos has 9450 general DPS, much higher than standard Uber Backliners."
"His primary weakness lies in his long foreswing, which can often bring him to miss against low endurance foes (plentiful in the Angel trait especially) or be interrupted by enemies with the KB ability. Against lower ranged Angel enemies, meanwhile, Dioramos's ~50% Slow uptime is easily outclassed by talented Sanzo's stackability. As a Tanker, lack of Resistance abilities means Dioramos will still get shredded by high DPS foes that reach him even with his impressive base HP. This is further complicated by his sky-high cost and long recharge, making his role more akin to a bulky Backliner rather than a proper Tanker. His standing range is a little on the low side for a Backliner, and is almost at midrange standards, and allows enemies to push to him more readily and start to chip away his health. Lastly, his slow speed means he takes a long time to reach the frontlines and start to do his job, and after a KB or Warp he can be out of action for a while and/or lose ground. To make the most of Dioramos, a heavy NP investment is needed and even then he is far from great."
"In the end, although Dioramos is a slow Backliner in both movement and attack rate, his high stats, mainly his high HP, are hard to replace and benefit very well from catseye upgrades, bringing him to 367.2k HP and 10k DPS at Lv 50. His bulkiness in fact is the reason he can work on stages where common Backliners would fail due to the pressure of long ranged foes, most notably The Belated Priest, where he can exploit M. Osts KBs and survive for a good while, not caring about being Slowed. Against Angels, he can provide a decent counter thanks to his ability + high stats and cover foes which Sanzo can not, but is otherwise outclassed on ability quality alone. Lastly, his Barrier Breaker usage is limited to Youcan, as Kitty of Liberty and Golfer already do the job well enough in general."
