Baby Garu,4,Ubers and Legends
"Baby Garu is a terrible meatshield in First Form and a decent midrange Tanker in Evolved Form (Mighty Aegis Garu). First Form has 17k HP, 200 range (-150 to 200 Omnistrike), 2900 DPS, 4 Speed, 2 KBs, 825 cost, and 15s Cooldown. Evolved Form has 119k HP, 320 range (-150 to 400 Omnistrike), 6400 base DPS, 7 Speed, 3 KBs, 5400 cost, 151s Cooldown and the ability to cause level 5 Mini-Waves. Both forms resist Traited enemies and have Wave Immunity and Zombie Killer."
"Mighty Aegis Garu has an impressive 476 to 595k effective HP (depending on ItF / CotC treasures) against all Traited enemies. His mini-waves (813 piercing range) give him some piercing damage (1300 DPS), able to snipe most enemies in the game, while also raising his effective DPS to his direct targets by 20%, to a very serviceable 7600. Zombie Killer and his bulk are good for tanking and quickly killing Zombies that unburrow/revive in his range, and mini-waves let him chip Zamelle or Z-Kill Zollows. 80 Omni-piercing range is good for hitting closely packed enemy clusters like Brollows or Pigeons and not missing attacks if other units knock back a front line enemy. He also has the range and DPS to work as an anti-Wave unit, outranging most common wave enemies. His speed is low, but it usually plays in his favor, as it prevents him from rushing in front of meatshields."
"Baby Garu is intended to be a bulky meatshield against all traited enemies. 68 to 85k effective HP on a meatshield sounds promising, but having similar effective HP to Ramen doesn't justify his long cooldown, and so he is better replaced by more accessible Rare and Super Rare specialist meatshields or generic stallers like Green Shell or Boulder. Meanwhile, Mighty Aegis Garu has good Tanker stats in Evolved Form, but he's set back by his enormous cooldown. Other good Tankers with similar builds have a much shorter 60 to 80s Cooldown. His mini-waves are also unimpressive, with sniping DPS no better than Manic Macho Legs and much less spammability. Lack of Curse Immunity hurts him in late game, since his bulk relies on his Resistant ability, which can get cursed away in Relic or mixed stages very easily. With only 150 negative range in his Omnistrike (regular AoE attacks hits back to -320), some Zombies (especially Zroco) can burrow into his blindspot where he can’t attack them, which weakens his anti-Zombie niche."
"Baby Garu has too long of a cooldown to work as a meatshield and is rendered useless by trait specialist meatshields and stallers like Shell or Rock. Garu's Evolved Form has the stats of a good Tanker, but unusually large cooldown and Curse Immunity and oddities like low damage mini-waves and nerfed negative range harm his other potential niches as an anti-Zombie or a Sniper. Overall he can definitely work in places, but falls short of being anything special, especially for a Fest Uber."
