Oda Nobunaga,4,Ubers and Legends
"Oda Nobunaga is a good anti-Black CC unit, though is held back by fatal flaws and outclassed by Bombercat. In True Form, he has 64.6k HP with only 1 KB, 20.4k Damage with 5500 DPS, 410 range, and the ability to AoE freeze Blacks for a massive 8s, or 9.6s with appropriate treasures. He has a long foreswing of almost 3 seconds, but a very fast attack rate of around 4 seconds to compensate. Before True Form, the Freeze is shorter, though still more than long enough to do its job, and the overall stats are much worse, limiting his already shaky usefulness further."
"Oda's biggest asset is his insanely long Freeze duration vs Black enemies, with his >200% uptime easily perma-freezing anything he can touch. While his 1 KB means that he has no chances to reposition and this certainly does hinder his survivability, it also means that he can endure up to 64.6k damage before being interrupted, which can be used to tank awkward Black enemies (Le'Grim, Le'Noir, Tackey, Two Can waves) long enough to land the first Freeze, after which they are permafrozen and thus neutralised. His DPS is not exceptional but still decent for a CC unit of his range class, which is a nice bonus to his Freeze."
"Oda's biggest weakness is his poor survivability. His range is awkwardly too much to work as a Midranger and infiltrate common blindspots comfortably, but too little to get the safety of a typical Backliner. Having no chance to reposition means if an enemy pushes to him, such as a fast Black melee rusher during his long foreswing before it can be frozen, it can often be game over for him. This can be alleviated slightly with his expensive Survive talent. Against non-Black enemies who he can't even Freeze, his vulnerability becomes too great a hindrance and his general use and applicability in mixed stages are hence almost non-existent."
"Overall, Oda is an interesting unit but his potential is unfulfilled. His DPS is good but sadly cannot be used due to his terrible survivability and long foreswing. The real nail in his coffin though is that his niche is completely outclassed by Bombercat. One Oda is better than one Bomber, but Bomber's spammability and lower foreswing make it better in essentially every stage besides a few situations where Oda's higher range gives him a purpose. Even when outranged, a Bomber can often slip between the attacks of enemies to land a Freeze proc regardless. Even Oda's Curse Immune talent does not give him an edge as there are few applicable situations, and Bomber's disposability means it can simply afford to be cursed and let the next one take over."
