Blooming Kamukura,4,Ubers and Legends
"Everbloom Lord Kamukura is a below average backline attacker and Support unit with 460 range and 4800 DPS. His core abilities are to KB and Slow Metals and Akus for 5s, each with a 50% activation chance, and Wave Immunity. Lastly, his HP is 76.5k with 3 KBs, 5 speed, a Cooldown of 151s and cost 6150."
"His very high range allows him to comfortably outrange most enemies in the game, including all commonly encountered Metal or Wave enemies, and many Akus. When paired with his slow speed, his range also allows him to chip high range threats such as Master A and THE SLOTH unpunished. Regarding his KB/Slow ability, he is able to control whole Metal or melee Aku hordes with a decent uptime of 69% for Metals (with full treasures) and 57% for Akus, albeit inconsistently. Finally, his HP is above average for a unit of his range."
"For his stats, E. Kamukura, like all Dragon Emperors, has a very high deployment cost and features unimpressive DPS and CD which are on par with Awakened Musashi, reducing his value as an anti-Wave unit and making him a sub-par generalist Backliner. As for his anti-Metal niche, although E. Kamukura can handle swarms well, True Form cyclone drop units outperform him in both stackability and uptime, being better picks in pretty much every relevant Metal stage, aside from ones that feature Koronium, and even there he can do more harm than good as his KB can make high foreswing Critical Hitters such as Soba and Crazed Moneko miss their attacks. As an anti-Aku, his control cannot affect Shielded Akus, which is especially annoying considering most backline Akus he could outrange, as well as both of the Wave using Akus (Wicked Face and Deathkory) have substantial Shielding. "
"In conclusion, despite having an ability set designed to counter 2 traits and Waves, with decent base stats to back them up, E. Kamukura brings little to the player's arsenal due to being equalled or even outclassed by No Gacha options as an anti-Metal and anti-Wave unit, and lacking compatibility with relevant Aku threats. "
