Princess Kaguya,4,Ubers and Legends
"Princess Kaguya is a great specialist CC / Support unit in First Form, and also serves as a decent general Backliner in True Form. All forms inflict Slow against Angel and Metal. The First Form serves as a spammable 280 standing range CC unit similar to Puppetmaster & Charley, with the added benefit of having AoE, and base stats of 7700 HP with 3 KBs, 600 cost, 2800 DPS and a 7.2s Cooldown. She has a 20% chance to Slow for 2.3 seconds, attacking every 1.5 seconds. In True Form, her build changes to be more like a typical Uber Backliner. Her attack rate drops to every 9 seconds, but the Slow proc becomes guaranteed and 3.7s long, and she stands at a much better 455 range with around 5500 DPS at 48k HP. Note that her Evolved Form has less range (425), less DPS (~4400), and only a 50% Slow proc, so is of very limited use."
"Kaguya's main strength lies in her ability to area Slow Metal enemies in First Form. Before Cyclone drop TFs are acquired, she is a useful CC option on Metal stages. It's possible to permanently slow groups of Metals with just 2 or 3 of her on the field, and she has a short cooldown with a low cost to aid this stacking/spamming strategy. Her usage versus Angel enemies is not as remarkable, but if one does not have talented Sanzo she is still usable against Boraphims or Angelic Gories. It should be noted that her 280 range is higher than a lot of other CC options in these traits. True Form, on the other hand, can be used to control higher range Angels like Angelic Sleipnir or Winged Pigge. First Form is always preferable against Metals, however. The True Form is also adequate to use as a standard generalist backline attacker, essentially serving as a better Crazed Bahamut."
"First Form Kaguya suffers from strong competition on both fronts. As an anti-Metal she competes against Puppetmaster & Charley, as well as talented Lollycat. Puppetmaster has a more consistent Slow proc than her, but is also single target with a longer cooldown, less range, and higher speed. So Kaguya still retains the upper hand on Metal enemy spam stages such as Bionic Seaweed or Utopia is Over There. Meanwhile Lollycat needs NP investment. However, there is no such silver lining for her as an anti-Angel, where she's outclassed by Sanzo on all fronts. While Kaguya has decent DPS and cooldown for her range, she cannot be used as a general Midranger due to her horrible HP. She is outclassed by Cameraman in this regard. In True Form, Kaguya's performance as a general attacker is inhibited by her above-average cooldown, and is completely outclassed by late-game by Awakened Ururun."
"Kaguya stands as a competent stackable anti-Metal area CC in First Form, although she faces stiff competition. She becomes more of a novelty than a necessity once cyclone drop TFs are unlocked. You would never choose the First Form as an Angel counter over talented Sanzo, but True Form's 455 range gives her some uses against Angel backliners. True Form loses any relevance against Metals due to the worse slow uptime and lack of Critical Hit, but remains an adequate backline attacker in general use."
