Bahamut Cat,4,Story Legends
"Bahamut Cat is an ok Backliner Nuker with 85k damage on a 20s attack frequency (4250 DPS), 4s of foreswing, 450 Range, 3 KBs and a 151s Cooldown. The True Form, Awakened Bahamut, unlocked after ITF3, is essentially a completely different unit, now an unparalleled Melee Rusher with a rapid 3-part Multi Hit (85k+3400+5100 Damage, 30k DPS), 60 Speed, 200 Range, 6 KBs, and 98s Cooldown. Both forms have 26k HP and 4500 cost."
"Bahamut Cat is the first (non-uber) Backliner unit unlocked and a typical example of the role. In early game he serves this purpose well. His immense damage per hit cripples or one-shots the majority of early enemies, while 450 range keeps him safe from harm. Until you obtain better alternatives, this role makes Bahamut near-essential for when Normals and basic gacha units are insufficient, such as in the famous Bahamut Stack strategy for Crazed Cat. Awakened Bahamut Cat (A. Baha) is similarly the first Rusher unit unlocked, after which he remains incredibly important for the entire game due to his immense damage output, far exceeding almost every cat in the game, including ubers. He retains the Evolved Form's huge damage per hit but delivers it in a much faster attack cycle. This means he can often knock back enemies in a single hit, then rush forward and hit them again before they can fight back. This ""juggling"" mechanic allows him to win matchups even when at a range disadvantage. Even if enemies do get a chance to fight back, A. Baha's high knockback count lets him repeatedly rebound after taking damage to attack quickly again, killing or at least crippling the enemy before dying himself. Furthermore, with a reduced cooldown, deploying a second or third A. Baha after your first dies is common in longer stages. Indeed, the main strategy for many mid-to-late game stages is centered around landing well-timed A. Baha hits on enemies to juggle or rush them down, and if that wasn't enough then stalling until you can send out another. His extremely high speed is helpful in all of these use cases, as well as infiltrating LD enemies' blindspots or quickly closing ground to reach and attack enemies between their attacks."
"Bahamut Cat, while a key Backliner in early game, suffers from a couple of crippling weaknesses that make almost any backline Uber, or even other Legends like Ururun Wolf, preferable in most cases. As enemies become stronger in the mid-game, many will exploit Bahamut's pathetically low HP and painfully long foreswing to interrupt or even kill him before he can land an attack. His absurdly long attack cycle leaves him vulnerable, as it gives enemies far too long to fight back between attacks and push through your defenses with no resistance from him. With 2.5 minutes of cooldown, it is devastating to lose Bahamut early in battle due to these weaknesses. He will also often miss attacks if you gain any ground during his foreswing, leaving him doing nothing for long periods of time. Finally, some early enemies like Master A and The SLOTH are designed to outrange Bahamut, forcing you to find alternatives rather than always relying on his power. Awakened Bahamut on the other hand has no issues with his attack rate, but does share his Evolved Form's fragility which is risky when combined with his now low range. A. Baha is the archetypal ""suicide rusher"" with huge power but balanced by almost no survivability. Careful timing, cannon use and support from other units are required in many stages to keep A. Baha alive long enough to do his job, and a single mistake in this can spell your doom if, say, a hard-hitting enemy kills him in one hit."
"Bahamut Cat is an important Backliner for early game players lacking better options. Past early game though, his weaknesses more often than not outweigh his strengths leading players to choose better options. For the rest of the game you will use the True Form, arguably the strongest rusher in the game and the backbone of many strategies. Developing the skills needed to deploy A. Baha so as to do as much damage as possible to the right enemies at the right moment, is part of the core gameplay of mid-to-late game."
