Bora,4,Ubers and Legends
"Bora is a decent spammable anti-Alien unit in First Form, and an excellent midrange Alien Nuker in Evolved and True Form. In First Form, Bora has 19k HP, 2300 base DPS, 330 range and 17s recharge. True Form, Bazibastra has longer cooldown in exchange for higher stats; 54k base HP with 3 KBs, 5200 base DPS, 390 range, 81s recharge, and 8 Speed. All forms have Massive Damage to Aliens, a 3s foreswing, 3 KBs, and Warp Immunity, and like all other Pixies, he also gains Resistance to Aliens as well as a guaranteed Barrier Break in Evolved/True Form. He can unlock a Strengthen talent which adds 50% attack when his HP is lower than 33%."
"Even though Bora is more used in other forms, his First Form still works well as a semi-spammable anti Alien. He is essentially a longer recharge but higher survivability Chill Cat, and is a great asset in CotC cost restriction stages. In True Form, Bazibastra becomes one of the best anti-Alien Ubers in the game. He has 270k effective HP and 21k effective DPS against Aliens (with full treasures), allowing him to survive for a long time on the field while being able to cripple all Alien enemies with his massive damage output. Resistance to Aliens enables Bazi to use up all of his 3 KBs to reposition and survive almost indefinitely, while also allowing him to walk into backline Aliens and kill them easily. Besides, Bazi has a lower cost and shorter recharge compared to most Ubers, so it is easy to send out multiple Bazis in a battle. Having guaranteed Barrier Break and Warp Immunity also helps a lot against Starred Alien enemies. If his Strengthen talent is unlocked, he can produce an insane ~31.5k effective DPS while on his last KB, and still have nearly 100k HP left to ensure he doesn’t die before being able to make use of it."
"The only weakness of Bazi against Aliens is his long foreswing causing some misses, though that doesn't matter most of the time given how much he overpowers them. Other than that, Bazi just has below average stats against non-Aliens. His awkward range makes him unusable as a Backliner, but with too little general DPS to be a successful Midranger instead. He doesn't perform well on mixed-trait stages with fast pushing or backliner non-Alien enemies too, as this makes Bazi die before contributing much to the battle."
"In conclusion, Bora is one of the best anti-Alien Ubers in the game, with high effective HP to take a lot of hits, high effective DPS to cripple Alien enemies, great supplementary abilities and a low cost First Form for alternate uses like cost restrictions. However, with low range and below average base DPS, he functions as a subpar general Nuker outside of Alien enemies."
