Lovestruck Lesser Demon,4,Ubers and Legends
"Lovestruck Lesser/Greater Demon is a poor Melee attacker and an even worse anti-Traited CC unit. He has stats mostly on par with Greater Demon Cat with 16.9k Single Target DPS, 3000 Cost and 28.2s Cooldown with 180 Range, but has HP on par with Greater Balrog Cat at 66.3k and 3 KBs. He has 13 speed compared to the others' 12, and most uniquely, a 30% chance to inflict each of Slow, Weaken, Freeze and KB on Traited enemies, with 2.5s duration on his 2.27s attack cycle. Unlike Greater Demon, he's not Weaken Immune. "
"As with Greater Demon/Balrog, Lovestruck Demon does have extremely potent DPS which can melt through most things if you can set him up. He has a fast respawn, an acceptable cost, and enough speed and HP to tank through some amount of punishment to land hits. The addition of an anti-Traited CC roulette lets him potentially tank, approach and control Traited enemies who your conventional support units cannot reach such as Crazed Bird, where a lucky KB could gain you some ground or a lucky Freeze could let your other units swoop in to deal damage. "
"Anyone who has ever tried to use pre-True Form Balrog (or even TF but pre-Talent Balrog) knows, it is an extremely underwhelming experience. Lovestruck Demon is no different in this regard. Without the Strengthen talent or higher base DPS of True Form Balrog at his disposal, he does not reach the level of destructive power needed to be worth his downsides. Furthermore, as a CC unit, his random-effect mechanic leaves too much to chance. While situational early-game applications of this are surely possible, before more conventional CC options are unlocked, in the vast majority of cases the combination of Single Target, low range, unreliable effectiveness, and lack of stackability will render it absolutely obsolete as a control unit as basic stackable Gacha Rares get the job done with much less awkwardness. Knockback will likely be achieved through damage alone against most targets, Single Target Slow is not all that useful when it can only hold back one melee-range unit from reaching it at best. Weaken without near-guaranteed 100% uptime is rarely useful. Freeze is always welcome, but is again Single Target and only a 30% chance. "
"In summary, like many seasonal varieties of regular ubers, Lovestruck Greater Demon is a gimmicky but not especially useful unit to own. It suffers from all the weaknesses of regular Balrog but with none of its main strengths, and instead has an unreliable and replaceable CC niche. "
