Homura Akemi,4,Ubers and Legends
"Homura Akemi is a lackluster Backliner with a 50% chance to Freeze Black enemies. Her attack frequency is 6.6s and her Freeze lasts for 4 to 4.8s depending on ItF treasure. She stands at a good 455 range with 48k HP and 3 KBs, and has a mediocre 5200 DPS. She costs 4470 to deploy with a 131s CD."
"Homura's greatest strength is her range, usually outranging backline enemies. Thanks to her high range, decent HP and KB count she has decent survivability and, overall, okay generalist usage. Meanwhile, as a specialist she is mostly outclassed by Bomber, but still retains some niche usage with her higher range. The ability to outrange and Freeze Le'noirs before killing the enemy frontline can be helpful on stages like No Hope Ranch or Leadfoot Drive, although the difference is marginal. She can also be used on stages where Le'noir stands as the primary threat, like Night of the Claws or Angry Fighting. On some mixed stages like Saucy Scandals and 8K Fertilizer, Bomber gets killed by backliner enemies, so you could get some usage out of Homura."
"Homura has many weaknesses however. For one, she's almost completely outclassed by Bomber. Black is a trait with mostly low-range assault-type peons, so Bomber is almost always the better pick to bring. Even on stages with ranged Black enemies like Le'noir or Two Can, Homura suffers from her 60 to 72% uptime and usually needs Bomber supporting her anyway thanks to her 50% Freeze chance potentially giving heavy-pushing Black enemies a long time to push unchecked. It should be noted that her high range makes her vulnerable to Tackey attacks, which further hurts her specialist usage. On the few stages where you do get value out of her, the difference is marginal. As a generalist, she suffers from lackluster DPS and mediocre overall stats and a cooldown that is longer than average."
"Homura stands as a passable but mediocre generalist due to her middling stats. As a CC / Support unit her viability is too situational to be remarkable, and most of the time you'll be better off using Bomber."
