D'arktanyan,4,Ubers and Legends
"D'arktanyan is an incredible midrange LD Rusher with Massive Damage to Traitless, and Strengthen doubling his damage when below 60% HP. From a standing range of 340, he attacks with 5100 DPS over an LD area of 200 to 550 with full backswing lasting 2.5s. He is Wave Immune and Warp Immune, and has 91.8k HP with 5 KBs and 30 Speed. He costs 4350 to deploy, and has a 91.2s Cooldown"
"D'arktanyan has more HP than a unit of his class has any business with. His immense bulk ensures you can almost always use all of his 5 KBs and trigger his Strengthen reliably. After Strengthen triggers, D'arktanyan still has more HP (>50k) than most of his competitors and can stay on the field in this state for a very long time, during which his enhanced 10k DPS is amongst the best in the game for general LD attackers. His long backswing further sustains his lifespan by keeping him out of danger after pushing the enemy frontline, while also increasing his offensive potential via using his KBs to rebound attack. Even when D'arktanyan does die, his short cooldown means there's another one coming soon. Factor in his rare ability to deal triple this damage output (30k effective DPS when Strengthened) to Traitless enemies and D'arktanyan's destructive power is nothing short of monstrous. He can outrange, tank or reach via stepping stone the majority of Traitless enemies, and his Wave Immunity lets him shut down essentially every wave enemy in the game, combining with his sheer power to make him near unmatched in these niches. Warp Immunity also allows him to exploit his bulk against ranged Star Aliens."
"The main thing holding D'arktanyan back is his mid-level standing range which in some situations can make his performance suboptimal against high DPS enemy backliners, including certain Traitless bosses. Yulala and Crazed Tank variants directly outrange him, with too much damage to tank, and cannot be reliably stepping-stoned in their stages. Manic Dark's range and Freeze ability stop him in his tracks. Kappy's and Uril's surges eat through his HP very quickly, but as his speed and fast attacks let him often still land a few high damage hits on them, this only reduces him to a bit of a glass cannon rather than completely stops him. On the other end of the range spectrum his 200 range blindspot, while small, does exist and lets super melee range pushers like Bore variants annoy him."
"It is interesting to note that D'arktanyan's strengthened general DPS is close to Meowsketeer's anti-Traited DPS. This should illustrate how broken he is; his general LD DPS is competitive with specialists, and his specialist DPS is out of this world. Combined with unusually large bulk to let him sustain that damage far longer than a typical Rusher, and a very short list of downsides, it is clear that he is easily one of the best units in the game and will be useful almost anywhere, save a few situations where range issues take hold. Given his high HP, high damage build, he benefits immensely from boost, and a hyper or ultramaxed D'arktanyan is borderline unstoppable, even in end game stages."
