Megurine Luka,4,Ubers and Legends
"Megurine Luka is an average Midranger unit with an LD of 150 to 500 and has Massive Damage against Black and Floating enemies. She has 4500 base DPS with a 4.2s attack rate, and stands at a comfortable enough range of 375, with 43k HP and 2 KBs. She is made to counter the majority of short-mid range Black and Floating enemies. She moves at 18 Speed, costs 3750 to deploy and recharges every 80 seconds."
"Her standing range is more than comfortable to counter most Floating enemies such as Bun Bun variants as well as most Black enemies, and with 18k effective LD DPS she can be very destructive against them. Although blindspot tends to be a problem for a lot of LD units, her blindspot is at 150, which can basically be ignored. Her attack rate is fairly fast so she can give consistent DPS, and it isn't a game over if she misses an attack. Her fast attack rate combined with the LD can also help juggle enemies in her range, especially Blacks, which have a high KB count. It is also possible to stack her, given her low cost and CD."
"The main problem with Luka is that her niche is already horribly powercrept by units such as Pizza Cat and Cameraman Cat. Her base DPS as a generalist Midranger isn't very good, but the biggest weakness is her survivability. Aside from standing at 375 range, her underwhelming HP and KB count mean that she will die extremely quickly against heavy pushers such as SBKs. Knockback Immunity can also lead to an early death if using her on stages with e.g. Black/Floating + a Mr. Mole or some other KB enemy, as your frontlines get pushed behind her and she takes direct hits from the main enemy attackers. It's also worth noting that her speed is quite high, which often leads to her rushing in and suiciding. This weakness is partially compensated for by her quick recharge rate."
"Megurine Luka shouldn't be your first pick as a Black/Floating damage dealer given that her niche is oversaturated with many non-uber options. Her damage output also isn't generalist quality given her somewhat low standing range. However, with proper CC support, Luka's survivability issues are mostly fixed and she is a capable damage dealer against most Black/Floating stages."
