Shaman Khan,4,Ubers and Legends
"Shaman Khan is a mediocre backline CC unit with the core ability to KB and Slow all Traited enemies for 2 seconds, each with a 30% chance, and an LD effective area between 350 to 750 range while standing at 450. This is backed up by his 3600 DPS with a 2.33s foreswing and 54k HP with 4 KBs. He costs 4650 to deploy, with a cooldown around 140s."
"Shaman Khan is overall very versatile, with the ability to CC all Traited enemies from a safe range, and with LD, letting him contribute something on most stages. His large piercing range of 300 is useful for general Sniper usage, for which his DPS is not too shabby, but also prevents his CC from causing Mizli Syndrome as it will also hit the backline. His survivability is also above average, with enough HP to make use of his decent KB count, at least through the mid-game."
"Despite having the ability to CC such a wide array of enemies, his proc rate is extremely unreliable; on average only about half of his attacks will actually land at least one control effect. Even when he does connect, his pathetic 34% Slow uptime means that his ability is useful only as a backup CC unit and not as your main control. He also has a long foreswing, which coupled with his large blindspot of 350, means he is vulnerable to fast melee pushers. His cooldown is also too long to exploit this blindspot for stacking comfortably. Overall his ability lacks the qualities it needs to be particularly effective."
"Despite his ability's low quality, it can be useful when you have few to no other CC options for an enemy due to, say, their high range. With a stepping stone he can hit super backliners like Professor A, and he directly outranges annoying mid-to-long range enemies which standard Rare/Super Rare CC units can't hit like Sleipnir, Winged Pigge, etc. Beyond these few extreme cases where his limited support is better than the alternative of nothing, you will usually find that his unreliable procs make him little more than a standard backline Sniper with similar uses to Awakened Mina."
