Lancer,4,Ubers and Legends
"Lancer is a decent general Backliner unit with 49k HP and 4 KBs, 5100 DPS at 480 range with a 4.5s attack rate, a cost of 4350, and a recharge of about 2 minutes. He has 100% Barrier Breaker as a supplementary ability."
"Lancer's strengths are his range and DPS. His range is above average for a Backliner and allows him to outrange most common enemies safely, and his DPS is sufficient to be worth using against them, making him a decent generalist Backliner, a better C Baha/pre-TF Ururun for early to mid-game. His fast attack rate makes him able to consistently deal this damage, able to afford to miss or be interrupted from time to time without much loss, and handle faster enemies well. Lastly, his guaranteed Barrier Breaker can come in handy for Starred Alien stages, letting him both open up barriers for your other units to start doing some damage, as well as let him start delivering his DPS from the first hit he lands."
"Lancer is so generic that he doesn't really have weaknesses so much as absence of strengths. Every stat and parameter is at least satisfactory for his job, but he has no meaningful specialist value except a simple Barrier Breaker and no situations in which he is really great. The later you get into the game, the less you want a simple decent Backliner to safely kill things from a nice range, and the more you need units that counter specific traits or abilities, and Lancer will quickly fall into disuse as he has no such applications."
"Lancer's role in the meta is simple and boring; a straightforward generalist that does Crazed Bahamut's job, but better. His stats are average except for an elevated range compared to a typical generalist, so the only time he really stands out is when fighting something like Master A or SLOTH that stands just a bit too far back for a 450-range Bahamut clone to get to. A solid answer to early game problems which can largely be solved by throwing a good generalist at everything, but has nothing to offer beyond that."
