Cat God the Great,4,Story Legends
"Cat God the Great is a very poor Midranger normally, with a niche as a Super Backliner support unit when near the enemy base. At level 30, he has 26k HP, 1 KB, and 350 range; however, his Omnistrike hits up to 850 range, allowing him to stand much farther from the enemy base. He has a very slow, 37s attack rate, with a three-hit Multi-Hit attack: the first two hits knock back non-Metal enemies and deal negligible damage, while the final hit deals 51k damage, totaling to 1400 DPS. He costs 3333 to deploy and has a 287s Cooldown. The True Form gains the Double Money ability, which can very occasionally be helpful, but otherwise functions identically to the previous forms."
"Cat God has a few notable strengths, the most obvious of which is his enormous Omnistrike area. When close to the enemy base, Cat God will stop 850 range away from it, allowing him to provide occasional knockback support and damage from a safe range, and potentially wear down the enemy base given enough time. This ability to chip down the enemy base before killing the boss gives him viability in a few stages such as Floor 32, Mineral Treatment and Li’l Eraser. When far from the enemy base, this instead gives Cat God a massive 500 piercing range, allowing him to hit practically every enemy on the field. In these latter situations, Cat God can occasionally be useful against groups of hard-pushing enemies if they're starting to advance, delivering two knockbacks and a burst of high damage to all of them, with no risk of Mizli Syndrome due to his attacks also hitting enemy backliners."
"However, Cat God's strengths are counterbalanced with a large number of crippling weaknesses, beginning with his Nekoluga-tier stats: abysmal HP and no repositioning ability. While the Lugas can at least use their high range to make up for their poor defense, Cat God's unusually short 350 standing range puts him in harm's way, giving him even worse survivability than them. His glacially slow attack speed compounds this issue, as you'll need to protect Cat God for a long time to get more than one use out of him; when not near the enemy base, it's rare for him to survive long enough to attack twice. His very slow Cooldown also harms his performance in both of his roles; he takes a long time to stack up and start doing appreciable damage to the enemy base from a distance, and when he dies, he won't be available to use again as a panic button for a long time. Cat God's use also declines late in the game, as the stages he's useful on become rarer due to the increased prevalence of LD, wave, and surge enemies."
"Overall, Cat God the Great offers some potentially powerful burst damage and long-range knockback support, but is held back greatly by his terrible survivability, awful attack speed, and very long Cooldown. His niches as a Super Backliner and Midrange sniper are both situational, but can occasionally be very helpful when they're needed."
