Sweet Love Mekako,4,Ubers and Legends
"Valentine Mekako is an ok backline attacker and either an anti-Traitless or anti-Black CC unit depending on form. Both forms have 96.9k HP with 2 KBs, 4700 DPS at 445 range, 5925 cost with 145s cooldown and a 50% chance to Freeze for 4s on a 7.23s attack cycle, with the only difference being that the First Form targets Traitless and the Evolved Form targets Black."
"Being able to control Traitless enemies is a rare and potentially valuable niche, with early-to-midgame players having likely no options for this, and lategame players having a few situational advent drops at best. Being able to deliver a nice long 4s AoE Freeze to Traitless from a safe 445 range will hard-carry the typical R. Ost stage by cutting off its pushing power for long periods of time, and with a considerable amount of bulk (nearly 50k endurance) Valentine Mekako can also potentially tank and Freeze the likes of The SLOTH, Camelle and Traitless wave attackers (Kory, Dober P.D) to let your other attackers slip in and bring them down a bit faster than otherwise. "
"With a 50% Freeze chance you can likely usually count on Valentine Mekako to work well enough on average, but it is not unthinkable that with bad RNG you will see long periods where she is little more than a glorified Ururun Wolf doing mediocre at best backline DPS. Given that the Freeze has an unimpressive 55% uptime even when it lands every time, her consistency is not the best and could fail you when under pressure. While freezing Traitless is a rare niche, the game is just not really built to need it with most of her targets having other strong counters more readily available. Her performance is usually closer to ""well it's nice to have, but there are other easy ways of doing this too"" rather than having much impact on the meta. With a high cost and long cooldown, you may just find yourself preferring to invest in and use other more generally viable options rather than Valentine Mekako. Her Evolved Form is useless with freezing Blacks already more than sufficiently taken care of by Bombercat, and a non-permanent Freeze against Le'Noir barely impeding it."
"Valentine Mekako is a typical underwhelming Seasonal Uber with her only point of interest being a rare Traitless Target, which provides her just about enough niche use to be of some value to own. Her best use is certainly for R. Osts, but she is mostly just convenient, with neither the uptime or proc rate needed to particularly impact the Traitless meta. "
