Shitakiri Sparrow,4,Ubers and Legends
"ChunChun Haunters are a mediocre Surge Immune anti-Angel/Aku unit with a 100% chance to Knockback and Curse for 3s, and a 40% chance to create level 2 miniwaves. They boast 4000 DPS at 400 range, a 4.2s attack cycle, 4350 cost and 111 second CD, and 58k HP with 4 KBs. They are also quite fast for a backliner, moving at 20 speed. The First Form, Shitakiri Sparrow, is essentially a better Acrobat Cats, though is still very bad due to unreliability (30% KB chance) and is pretty much useless against Aku, so will not be evaluated here."
"ChunChun Haunters find use primarly against bulky Angel enemies, such as Boraphim, Sleipnir, Winged Pigge and especially St. Dober thanks to Surge Immunity. They can reliably KB them every 4.2 seconds, letting you hold or gain ground where you otherwise wouldn't be able to. Additionally, they can Curse the aforementioned Winged Pigge and Sleipnir with a nice 71% uptime (or up to 86% with treasures), significantly reducing the threat of their debuffs. Miniwaves enhance these abilities further, allowing them to occasionally KB and Curse incoming enemies or those hiding in the backline behind peons. The Haunters aren't particularly great against Akus by comparison due to Shields stopping status effects, but they can be effective against shieldless Akus such as Aku Gory, and especially Surge or Death Surge users like Condemned Peng or Medu-san."
"Despite this, ChunChun Haunters come with a pretty long list of flaws. They possess incredibly poor stats for a backliner; 4000 DPS at 400 range is laughable and outperformed by just about any generalist, while a relatively high 20 speed makes it hard to keep behind slow meatshields and other cats. Their extremely effective KB ability greatly hampers their use on heavy Angel stages with backline enemies other than Sleipnir, as it instead becomes too effective and gains so much ground that your units will move into the backliner's range and die a miserable death. Matchups that look good one-on-one, as described in the above paragraph, can thus suddenly become awkward or inviable when other backline enemies are present. Lack of Curse Immunity also becomes an issue in UL, where the Angel+Relic pairing becomes common. They also perform terribly against Akus in general due to the lack of Shield Pierce as hinted above, and lack the DPS to reliably brute force shields to make up for this."
"Overall, Shitakiri Sparrow suffers from too many flaws, with a near useless First Form and subpar general stats with a flawed Anti-Angel debuffer / Surge Immune niche in Evolved Form. Certainly not without uses, but very limited in scope."
