Shampoo (Cat),4,Ubers and Legends
"The First Form, Shampoo (Cat), is a mediocre semi-spammable Midranger with a 50% chance to create a level 4 Mini-Wave on each of her 2 multi-hit attacks. Shampoo (Cat) has 17k HP, >1900 base DPS (higher if mini-wave procs), 350 range, 17 Speed, 900 cost and a 15 second recharge. In Evolved Form, Shampoo sacrifices spammability for higher stats, similar to Pixies or Ultra Souls ubers. Shampoo is a decent generalist Backliner which has a guaranteed chance to create a level 4 Mini-Wave on all of her 3 multi-hits. As for stats, she has 34k HP, ~5300 base DPS with a 0.8s backswing, 450 range, 18 Speed, 3 KBs, 4050 cost and a 85 second recharge. Each multi-hit attack deals the same damage in both forms."
"Shampoo (Cat) is essentially a more cost effective Drama Cats, with higher HP and DPS but has a cheaper deploy cost, but with double the recharge. Having mini-waves also makes it able to clear out weaker peons. For Evolved Form, Shampoo has decent DPS as a Backliner, with a good effective 6400 DPS should all multi-hits and mini-waves connect. Her mini-wave attacks also have a great 483 piercing range, allowing her to chip backline enemies with a decent 1100 piercing DPS, being like an extra Manic Macho Legs in addition to your main backline attacker. In addition to that, her shorter than average cooldown makes her able to be sent out more often than others."
"Both Shampoo forms share the same weakness of high speed. This makes it harder to stack Shampoo (Cat) or letting Shampoo (Evolved Form) survive long as they clip into enemies more easily. Having mini-wave attacks rather than wave attacks also reduces their performance as a wave Sniper because mini-waves only deal 1/5 of the initial damage. This makes Shampoo (Cat) a far inferior Manic Macho Legs in wave sniping, with only 380 piercing DPS, nearly a quarter of MML’s piercing DPS, and would be outclassed by Slapsticks Cat in late game as a spammable Midranger. Shampoo (Evolved)'s effective DPS is lower against low endurance enemies due to her quick multi-hit attacks as it makes her miss when the enemy is knocked back. In addition to that, Shampoo has lower health compared to other Uber Backliners, and this partially negates her advantage of a short CD as she dies rather quickly against stronger enemies. Her short backswing makes her survivability even worse as it causes her to move forward rather quickly each time after attacking and clip into backline enemy range."
"In conclusion, Shampoo (Cat) is a decent spammable Midranger, but is outclassed by Slapsticks Cat and Manic Macho Legs. Shampoo (evolved) is a decent general Backliner with mini-wave attacks and a faster than average recharge, but suffers from survivability issues due to high speed and low base HP."
