Maeda Keiji,4,Ubers and Legends
"Immortal Keiji is a very powerful general Midranger, as well as a solid anti-Black Tanker and anti-Wave unit. He has 98.6k base HP and 2 KBs, 6000 base DPS at 320 range, 68s CD, 3585 Cost, and the Strengthen ability which adds +100% damage below half HP. This can be increased to +150% power with talents. Additionally, he is Wave Immune and Resistant to Black."
"Keiji's main strength is his damage output with 12k effective DPS after Strengthen, or 15k when talented. This role is enhanced by his high base HP allowing him to stay alive even in the often-dangerous midrange region, as well as approach enemies even when outranged or sniped. All of this paired with a low cost and cooldown makes him very impressive from a raw stats point of view. Additionally, his Resistance to Black makes him a good specialist Tanker, with nearly 500k effective HP, capable of shrugging off attacks from backliners like Kurosawah, snipers like Tackey, or even low-magnification Assassin Bears. He can also keep hard melee Black pushers like Razorback, Gory Black and Shadow Boxer K from advancing for a few seconds while your Bombercat comes in to Freeze them, and this synergy is further improved by the two cats sharing a Freeze Duration Up Sm combo. His Wave Immunity and ability to outrange most wavers, combined with his bulk and DPS, also makes him a very effective anti-Wave attacker throughout the game, especially for Two Can or mixed Wave+Black stages."
"Although Keiji's bulk is impressive, his low range and speed mean that he can often burn through most of his HP while still approaching enemy backliners and not have very long to dish out damage before being knocked back or killed. Outside of Black enemies where he uses his 2 KBs to have high endurance for tanking, his ability to tank general melee pushers is quite limited, so this lack of repositioning opportunities becomes a drawback and drags down his survivability instead. He also relies on Strengthen to have noteworthy DPS; 6000 is average at best and it is only when he is below half HP that he shines, but this is also when he is in most danger."
"Overall, Keiji is an excellent general Midranger to use in nearly any stage with Black enemies or Wavers, and plenty of general use situations too. He has the raw stats to do his job effectively and can deal very impressive damage under the right circumstances, especially when talented. "
