Momotaro,4,Ubers and Legends
"Momotaro in First Form is a decent spammable (4.5s CD) anti-Angel and Red midrange Support unit with a 30% chance of Freeze proc for 2.3s, attacking every 2.6s for about 89% uptime, or 106% with treasures. He can also serve as a damager with 2000 DPS at 280 range and 12k HP with 3 KBs. In True Form, The Peach Devils is a good anti-Angel and Red backline Support Uber with general stats now 4300 DPS at 435 range and 68k HP with 4 KBs. He loses spammability with a longer 58s Cooldown, but the Freeze increases to a 40% chance for 3.33s with a 4.5s attack cycle. Talents can improve the Freeze duration to 4.33s (>100% uptime with treasure) and add a 4s Weaken. Finally, True Form also has a massive 48 Speed, adding potential to be used as a Rusher. Evolved Form has considerably worse stats, range and ability, and should probably not be used; stick with First and True Forms with Momotaro."
"One Momotaro provides inconsistent control, but his very fast spam rate allows you to quickly build up a stack which can easily permafreeze anything in range. Decent HP for a spam unit and an above average 280 range for a spammable Support unit keep your stack alive, making Momotaro a very effective choice for Red/Angel CC, completely shutting down almost all melee range threats and dealing some solid area spam DPS in the process. Peach Devils cannot be spammed to achieve easy permafreeze, but stands at a better backline range to provide supporting/secondary control against a wider range of enemies, and with a short cooldown, they can often still stack for more thorough control, especially with talents unlocked. True Form also doubles as a general Rusher with somewhat low damage, but backliner range to sustain that damage for longer."
"First Form's stack DPS works, but suffers stiff competition from Rare and Super Rare area spam units like Camera. As far as his support role goes, while 100% Freeze units like iCat can sometimes work even when outranged as they just need to land one attack to render an enemy helpless for some time, Momo relies on either insane luck or stacking to produce a complete enough Freeze to do this, and is hence strictly limited to work within his range class. High-midrange and backline Angel threats like Chickful A or Sleipnir especially ruin First Form Momotaro's day. True Form overcomes the range issue but, thanks to his low backswing, can sometimes speed clip and lose part of his range advantage such that even a mild push from the enemy frontline can bring Peach Devils into the danger zone, and the Freeze only saves you from this 40% of the time. Certain tougher Angel/Red stages will kill your first Peach Devils before you can get a second out. His base stats are also poor for a general Backliner or Rusher, with his DPS falling far short of his competitors in this role."
"Momotaro has solid matchups against most Reds and a good amount of melee Angels in First Form, and can provide top class CC in those situations if allowed to stack. Peach Devils brings the number of valid targets up to cover all but super backline enemies in these traits, but does not shut them down as completely. Nevertheless, he is a great Supporter, if perhaps not your main CC in these traits. His backline range, short cooldown and high speed make him quite unique and able to perform many general roles too, but low DPS limits his effectiveness in them."
