Gilgamesh,4,Ubers and Legends
"Gilgamesh is a solid LD generalist with 61.2k HP. He has a decent 4500 LD DPS with a 3 part multi-hit mechanic, each attack equal in damage and 2 seconds between each attack. He has 390 standing range, which can hit anything between 325 to 725 range. He has 4 KBs and 10 Speed, with 4500 cost and a CD of 118 seconds. He also has Strengthen, granting a 50% attack boost activating at 75% HP."
"Gilgamesh's main strength is his overall great stats. He has very solid survivability with fairly high health and a good amount of KBs. His base DPS is already pretty good for an LD Uber, and is boosted even further to 6800 once strengthened. His Strengthen also triggers on his first KB , which means he can gain his attack boost fairly early into the battle and still has 2 chances to reposition with his strengthened LD DPS. Gilgamesh also has a faster than average CD. His movement speed is just enough that he wouldn't walk into his own demise while still being fast enough to get to the battle in time. Last but certainly not least, is his incredible piercing range. Capable of reaching very far from his standing range, he can usually reach most long range enemies, while still being able to hit enemies that get closer to him."
"Gilgamesh's biggest weakness is his large 325 blindspot and a pitiful 65 inner range. With his blindspot being so close to his standing range it's very easy for most short range enemies to breach into it. Gilgamesh also suffers from having multi-hit. Due to this, and the fact that all three hits are so close together, it often results in him missing hits, and jeopardizing his effective DPS. His low standing range for a Sniper usually makes it difficult for Gilgamesh to get in hits against longer ranged threats without a stepping stone."
"While Gilgamesh may not excel against everything, he's still a very solid unit throughout most of the game. On paper, Gilgamesh could sound like a viable top tier, but once you get more down to earth you start to notice his flaws. Taking all of this into account, It would be good to treat Gilgamesh as basically a worse Ganesha, but being what he is, he is still good at his job, and can still put up a good fight in the current meta as a decent Sniper."
