Freshman Cat Jobs,2,Gacha Super Rares
"Freshman Cat Jobs is a situational Single-Target CC unit with 1500 HP, 3 KBs, 1 Speed, 300 range, a 158s Cooldown, and has a 100% chance to Weaken non-Metal enemies to 1% Damage for 5 seconds. Cat Jobs’s main strength is its uniquely powerful 99% Weaken, which allows it to completely shut down stages with exposed high DPS threats like F34 and Primeval Cyclone, allowing them to be effortlessly stalled with meatshields for large periods of time. His uptime can be made up to 100% with Weaken Up combos to further dominate in such situations. However, Cat Jobs remains a situational unit due to his poor survivability with abysmal stats, low range and worst of all his insanely long Cooldown, all making him unusable when faced with any real danger. His incredibly slow speed and Single-Target further restrict where Cat Jobs can be used to one usually-lured enemy at a time, and not spam stages. Apart from this, Cat Jobs also has a one slot combo called ""Good Jobs"", which increases stage clear XP by 10%, which makes him irreplaceably valuable when farming XP stages."
"Headmaster Cat Jobs gains a 100% chance to Survive a lethal strike, an increased 4 Speed and a guaranteed Level 1 Surge attack (spawning between 150 and 1050). His increased speed now allows him to reach and Weaken certain enemies between their attacks, and Survive can give him another chance to land his Weaken if he is at first unsuccessful, potentially saving you 2.5 minutes of Cooldown waiting for another one. His Surge can also potentially increase the uptime for Weaken or give him pseudo-AoE if it spawns in the right place, such that with enough luck, his surge can even hard carry enemy DPS spam stages like Palcaccio Waters. However, his large surge spawn area means this is inevitably inconsistent, and he still suffers from many of his old crippling weaknesses in TF. Nevertheless, despite these flaws, he can still situationally trivialize certain stages."
Useful to Own By: 
"F34, XP Megablitz (due to combo)"
Useful to True Form By: 
"UL 1, for Primeval Cyclone"
