Eyewaltz,4,Ubers and Legends
"Eyewaltz is a solid Midranger with 360 range, 61k HP with 3 KBs, 101s Cooldown, 3750 cost, and 5400 DPS with a 4.7s attack rate. In addition, he has a 15% chance to cause a Savage Blow that deals +200% power. He also has 100% Survive and Wave Immunity."
"Eyewaltz's decently fast recharge time and quick attack rate fits perfectly into his role as a Midranger and allows him to constantly provide pressure on the field. His decent HP and KB count in combination with his 100% Survive allow lots of repositioning to make him a fairly long-lasting unit who you can often spawn another copy of before one dies, and he is able to be cheaply deployed. His Wave Immunity also makes him perfect in almost any wave stage, as his 360 range keeps him safe from the majority of common wave enemies. His Savage Blow proc also can increase his overall DPS, and can be very nice depending on RNG."
"Whilst Eyewaltz does have decent DPS, it doesn't stand out when put up against other midrange Wave Immune units such as Keiji or talented Dancer (taking cooldown into consideration). His Savage Blow is also more of a bonus rather than consistently contributing to extra DPS as 15% is quite a low proc chance. Wave enemies tend to push quite hard and you want to eliminate them ASAP so him dealing lower damage than other units in his niche can cause said enemies to overwhelm your frontline if not dealt with promptly. The introduction of talented Dancer also makes Eyewaltz hard to use as Dancer competes directly with his niche of Wave Immunity whilst being cheaper, deals more damage (even taking into account Eyewaltz's Savage Blows), and more spammable."
"Overall, Eyewaltz is still a solid unit. His Survive efficiency is based somewhat on the enemies that you encounter since he can stay on the field for a while as long as he isn't sniped by any non-wave damage. As a unit, he is somewhat similar to what A. Musashi has become: decent but there are better choices. However if you do not wish to commit the NP into Dancer talents, Eyewaltz is still a very good unit in any anti-Wave lineup."
