Balaluga,4,Ubers and Legends
"Balaluga, or rather its True Form Piccolan Pasalan, is a situationally useful general CC Support unit with extremely low DPS, but the ability to proc Freeze (3s) and Weaken (6s) against all enemies from a very long 940 range. Like all Lugas, the First Form is unusable. The Evolved Form only freezes for a bit over 2 seconds and has no Weaken proc, but is of minor use beyond the early game, after which True Form is highly recommended to unlock. It has the standard Luga stats of 20.4k HP, 1 knockback and 325 second Cooldown and an abysmally low 11 DPS."
"Piccolan's most noticeable stat is its range, which is one of the highest in the game, allowing Piccolan to outrange nearly every enemy by a comfortable amount of distance. The guaranteed Freeze and Weaken proc offer generally useful support, especially in stages with enemies that need to be controlled but few cats can target, like Relic Bun Bun, or stages with complex mixtures of difficult high-range enemies like in Revenge of Red Sky. Piccolan synergizes well with Cyberpunk Cat and the meta around him, as they help fill in each others' CC downtime, and use different status effects so run no risk of overwriting one another."
"With no chances to reposition and negligible HP, Piccolan is pretty much dead if enemies reach him. A long cooldown means you'll likely be unable to get another one out when it does die, and stacking is infeasible. Additionally, the proc uptime isn't great, only being around 18% for his Freeze proc and 37% for his Weaken proc, which is largely insufficient to control more aggressive enemy types alone. Besides its range, none of its stats are anything special and it's incapable of being used as an attacker with one of the worst DPS stats in the game. Piccolan is also terrible for many wave/LD/surge/Zombie stages where their attacks can reach and kill him swiftly."
"Overall, Piccolan is a decent Support CC Uber with very long range and wide coverage but low health and damage. Piccolan's niche is fairly unique, saving him from being overshadowed by other Ubers. It is at least moderately effective on a good amount of relevant stages, however, due to its mediocre proc uptime, in many stages it may be more worth bringing specialized counters. Additionally, Piccolan being unable to function as even a bad super-backline attacker makes it undesirable to get at the start of the game. Despite this Piccolan has a unique role in the meta, especially with his support role in the Cyberpunk meta, and is overall situationally useful throughout the game."
