Wrathful Poseidon,4,Ubers and Legends
"Poseidon is an excellent CC / Support unit with a 100% chance 3.33s AoE Freeze against Metals and Zombies. He also serves as a decent general midrange rebound Rusher. He stands at 350 range with 51k HP and 5 knockbacks, as well as about 5800 DPS with a 53f foreswing. His CD is quite short as well at 85s. He moves at a fast 30 Speed. True Form boosts his stats across the board, with extra HP (56.1k), damage (6300 DPS) and speed (36), and gives him access to Savage Blow talent with 30% chance, which further boosts his DPS to an average of 10k."
"Poseidon's biggest strength lies in his Freeze proc. The Freeze is long enough (45% uptime, 54% after CotC treasure) to consistently stall heavy pusher Zombies like Dread Bore or Zyclone. He's also a potent choice against Metals before you unlock the True Form of cyclone units, and even after that he's a decent Support unit in this role. With his DPS he's also a good midrange attacker, and his high speed allows him to work as a Rusher as well. This latter role especially is enhanced by his high KB count, enabling multiple rebound attacks."
"One downside is that Poseidon's True Form is locked behind UL, restricting its availability, and he needs the expensive Savage Blow talent to reach his full potential as a Midranger. Additionally, relying on inconsistent Savage Blows for damage output is not ideal as his high speed can be suicidal at times (although high backswing helps him in this regard). You might find that he dies before you are lucky enough to score the all-important Savage Blow because of this, which can cause his DPS to remain at its fairly average base value even after high investment into talents. His cooldown is a bit longer than other midrange Rushers, and a combination of low endurance and high foreswing also makes him prone to being interrupted and juggled, most notably by Zamelle."
"Poseidon pre-TF is usable as a Rusher if you don't have anything better, but it is in late game with True Form and talents that he truly awakens to this role. As a Midranger he's decent throughout the game, but what he shines best at is CC. He's one of the best CC Ubers against his two traits, thanks to his guaranteed high-uptime Freeze and good survivability. His range does hold him back for generalist usage to some degree, though."
