Kubiluga,4,Ubers and Legends
"Kubiluga evolves into Kubilan Pasalan, which is a situational backline CC unit with a 100% chance to Knockback non-Metal enemies and create level 8 Waves (1733 range). In True Form, E. Kubilan Pasalan loses his Knockback effect and gains a 100% Critical Hit chance instead with 1.7k critical DMG. He has the typical Luga 5 minute Cooldown, 3.5s of foreswing, 12.8s attack frequency, 1 KB and 20.4k HP, and stands at 450 range. As with all Lugas, First Form is useless."
"The biggest selling point of Kubilan in Evolved Form is the level 8 Knockback wave. The initial hit is Single Target, but the wave effectively gives him AoE Knockback over a huge range. His brand of CC is useful support for stages that gradually but relentlessly push such as Leadfoot Drive and Technocracy. Furthermore, the enemy hit by the initial attack is knocked back once by that hit and again by the wave. In some cases, his KB wave and low damage output can be applied to cheese stages (Ex: Floor 32, Mineral Treatment, etc). In True Form, E. Kubilan's crit/wave combination is good for clearing out larger numbers of low HP Metal enemies such as Metal Doge, Metal One Horn, and Koronium. He also has access to a very efficient Cat Combo with Giraffe Cat which increases Worker Start Level by two stages, and helps a lot in money-tight startups and Dojos."
"Kubilan has the same weaknesses that most Lugas suffer from; low HP, no chances to reposition, and a long cooldown. It's hard to keep him alive, especially when wave/LD/surge enemies are present, and you don't get another one out for a long time afterwards. His KB ability is powerful, but not so useful in stages that push hard and fast, where Freeze or Slow are more favorable choices of CC. Additionally, his KB ability can make some of your other Ubers miss their attacks and sabotage your runs. Or, in reverse, your attackers can make Kubilan miss his slow, Single-Target attack and leave you without his support for an extended time. For the True Form, the same lack of survivability remains an issue, and furthermore E. Kubilan's damage is disgustingly low even when critical hits are factored in. He can barely scratch tankier Metals, severely limiting his range of compatible targets. His abysmal damage also completely invalidates any use as a generalist, despite his comfortable standing range."
"In conclusion, Kubilan is a decent CC Support unit and in True Form, a good anti-Metal peon-clearer. Most of the time, you'll use his Evolved Form since while his True Form is good at clearing low HP Metal enemies, the lack of use against anything with more than a couple-hundred HP means you will usually choose other critters over Kubilan for Metal stages. His Evolved Form should almost never be your main source of CC and should be used as secondary support unless you are attempting to cheese the stage. Use Kubilan in stages that push gradually and he will be able to more or less undo the enemy's attempts at advancing. Try using him on a stage with fast melee rusher enemies who push hard and quick, though, and he'll die early."
