Shinji Cat,4,Ubers and Legends
"Shinji is a reskin of Cats in the Cradle that trades damage per hit for faster attack rates, so he is a strong melee attacker with 100% chance to create a level 2 Wave which pierces up to 532 range, with a 30% chance to KB Black and Metal enemies. Shinji has 97k HP, 240 range, 9 speed, 5800 DPS or 11500 effective DPS to enemies who aren’t KB’d by the initial hit, 2 KBs, an attack rate of 6.63 seconds, 58 second recharge and a cheap cost of 3000."
"Boasting a rather strong wave attack with a decent attack rate allows Shinji to be able to control enemy peons very well, and even chip down backliners, thanks to his 5800 piercing DPS. Shinji can keep a good presence on the front thanks to high stats and great refresh rate. As a Tanker, Shinji works very well on enemies with either long attack rates or lower damage such as Daboo, tanking their hits while also outputting great damage against them."
"Shinji has quite some noticeable weaknesses, his main one being short range. A low range means he can only outrange melee enemies, and slow speed means he will have difficulty at times to push into enemy blindspots at certain times. His long foreswing causes him to miss sometimes, though this is not as severe as his counterpart thanks to faster attack rate. His waves also make less of an impact than CitC, and Shinji's health may be high, but it is not enough to stay at the frontline for prolonged amounts of time as melee enemies in the later game can easily eat through his HP. He may chip down enemy backliners as due to his waves, but for the most part can struggle to snipe them unless there are plenty of weak stepping stones. Super backliners are able to stand safely out of his range, too. His KB ability is also useless in most situations, save for a few specific situations."
"Despite the presence of a multitude of wave attackers, Shinji distinguishes himself thanks to his high wave damage. While he may not be as strong of a presence as his counterpart CitC, Shinji does work well for peons, especially stronger ones, in exchange for less boss sniping potential. While he does have many weak points, his strong points outweigh them. Shinji still works very well in mid game, and even can find some usages in late game too, especially if he is hypermaxed/ultramaxed. Overall, a good pull."
