Lumina,4,Ubers and Legends
"Luminalia is an extremely good anti-Alien Tanker with one of the highest effective HPs in the game, due to her high 136k base Health, 100% Weaken proc that lasts 5 to 6s depending on treasures, and Insane Resistance. She also comes with 375 range, 6900 DPS and 30 Speed, along with 3 KBs, 75s CD and 3675 cost. She also has 100% Barrier Breaker, Slow Immunity and Warp Immunity. Her first form is a lot less useful and will at most see some use in Cost Restricted CotC stages."
"With her high base health, a reliable perma-Weaken effect, and Insane Resistance, her effective HP of 1.9M makes her essentially invincible against almost all Aliens. Thanks to this and her short respawn time and low cost, she will probably not die until long after you have already sent out another one, making her quite literally a free win on all but a few Alien stages. Warp Immunty and her fast attack rate paired with Barrier Breaker mean Star Aliens are also helpless against her. Luminalia is clearly an unparalleled specialist, however, she doesn't stop there and also has all the qualities you want in a general midrange attacker; high base HP and speed to infiltrate blindspots and not get juggled, decent DPS on a fast attack cycle so she rarely dies before making a dent in the enemy, and a fast enough Cooldown that you can afford to lose her. With Slow Immunity too, this great stat build surprisingly even lets her counter Professor A."
"While Luminalia's 375 range allows her to be used as a midrange Rusher, it can hinder her performance as a frontline Tanker. She will act more as a second line of defense. Furthermore, while she can tank some hits from non-Aliens, she does not do great when there are many high magnification enemies of different traits. She can also have some trouble fending off extremely high magnification Aliens, especially those that are meant to be dealt with meatshields, such as end game Star Pengs. While her short backswing can be covered with her tankiness, she can be somewhat lacking compared to some other midrange Rushers in terms of offensive abilities, KB count, and DPS."
"Despite the weaknesses mentioned above, Luminalia is a solid Tanker to own which will last quite long, only falling off as a Tanker in end game, and can also be used in many rush strats or as a midrange attacker if you lack those. Owning her will no doubt be a major carry in ItF as well as most of CotC, and even some late game Alien stages."
