Sea Maiden Ruri,4,Ubers and Legends
"Sea Maiden Ruri is a mediocre anti-Red Tanker with high base stats but Single Target to compensate. She has 127.5k base HP, 2 KBs, 11.5k DPS, and 380 range, with guaranteed Weaken proc and Resistance against Red enemies (also Relics with talents). She has a 6.63 second attack frequency, spread across three multi-hits in rapid succession. The first two hits do significantly less damage than the third. She has a 98s cooldown."
"Ruri has phenomenal stats. Her damage output is huge when you can get it to hit the right target. Her effective anti-Red HP meanwhile is 638k with full ItF treasure, and against weakened targets it is an amazing 1.28M. Furthermore, she has a 4 slot Resistant Up L Combo, which if used raises this further to an insane 1.83M (and more with talents). Her anti-Relic stats are a bit below this due to lack of a Relic fruit treasure, but still immense and sufficient to be near indestructible against M. Ost or Dogumaru. Her Weaken ability being guaranteed and with >100% uptime makes it consistent and reliable to both enhance her survival as well as your other cats, and her multi-hit attack is useful to alleviate the limitations of her Single Target nature; all three hits inflict weaken, so one or two peons being in the way is workable. Her short cooldown for a unit with her range and survivability also plays in her favor; you can normally summon another before the first one dies."
"To balance her high stats and weaken, Ruri has Single Target attacks. The main disadvantage of this is that she won't be weakening any backliners protected by more than a few peons. This, and her multi-hit damage split, reduce her effective DPS too. Her base stats and range are insufficient to work as a general Tanker, or in mixed trait stages, so she is little more than a wall against one or two traits without anything to fall back on."
"Ruri is highly situational, incredibly potent on select stages and virtually useless on most others. While her anti-Red usage is unremarkable since Roe can fit into her role and do about as well, her anti-Relic ability is very unique and relevant, though it costs a lot of NP to activate. There are, however, several key stages in which you may find her talents worth the cost, as her performance is outstanding in, for example, The Old Queen, Primitive Souls, Heron's Call, and The Belated Priest."
