Bliza,4,Ubers and Legends
"Bliza (Blizana) isn't useful in First Form, and becomes a poor anti-Alien and anti-Zombie CC unit in Evolved Form. Blizana comes with 50k HP with 3 KBs, 350 standing range, 12 speed, 3630 cost, and an 80s Cooldown. Her attack cycle lasts 8s and consists of three Multi-Area Omnistrike hits which hit from -350 to 350, -450 to 450, and -550 to 550 respectively. The first two hits deal 8000 damage while the last does 16k. Her third hit also has a 100% chance to Slow Aliens and Zombies (3 to 3.6s depending on CotC treasures) and has a guaranteed Barrier Breaker effect. Lastly, she also has Zombie Killer, Resistance against Aliens and Zombies, Slow Immune, Warp Immune, and Colossus Killer."
"Blizana's main strength comes from her guaranteed Slow/Barrier Break and the large 200 piercing range of her third hit, which lets her control large groups of enemies and make quick work of Star Alien backliners' barriers if given a stepping stone. Her negative range also allows her to control Zombies that unburrow/revive behind her. Her high 248k effective HP and Warp Immunity make her hard to interrupt mid-attack, and her low cooldown and cost mean she can be replaced promptly."
"Unfortunately, Blizana's mediocre Slow duration and poor uptime mean that despite her interesting attack cycle, she just is not that effective as a CC option. Seafarer, Housewife and other non-Uber options largely outperform her in control. Combining these large gaps in uptime with her long foreswing on the all-important 3rd hit, enemies have plenty of opportunity to recover from her Slow and push through your defences, at which point Blizana's pitiful DPS for a midranger (4000 up to 350 range, only 2000 at her maximum range) will become apparent as enemies shrug off her attacks. Despite being a Colossus Killer, the relevant traited Colossal Enemies (Super Hyppoh and Big Peng Z) both outrange her, meaning that even if her effective stats with it were relevant, she would not counter them effectively. She even fails to outrange several mid-to-long range regular enemies in her traits, and it should go without saying that her stats are insufficient for use outside her niches."
"In conclusion, Blizana fails to provide any new or interesting uses despite her unique set of abilities, as her CC quality and offensive stats are widely outclassed by more accesible options."
