Graveflower Verbena,4,Ubers and Legends
"Graveflower Verbena is a mediocre midrange critter. She has 345 range, a base DPS of 2100, 65k HP with 3 KBs, 3750 cost, and 91s Cooldown. Uniquely among critters, Verbena has a 3 stage multi-hit with a 25% chance to perform a Critical Hit on each one, with 2550/5100/7650 Damage. Evolved Form performs poorly by comparison with only 15% critical chance and less HP, so True Form is recommended."
"Verbena's two main strengths consist of her high survivability and her multi-hit giving multiple chances to land Critical Hits. She comfortably outranges all common Metals, and her decent HP means she can hold her ground better than average and usually make use of all of her KBs if they do reach her. Paired with a rather quick recharge time and decently cheap price, she is not too hard to deploy or replace. Verbena's 3 stage multi-hit elevates her unimpressive-looking 25% base chance to crit to actually about a 58% chance of at least one Critical Hit per attack cycle, making her good for clearing out weaker Metal swarms."
"The most obvious weakness of Verbena is her pitiful DPS, 2600 even accounting for crits, which is unacceptably low for a general Midranger. This renders her completely obsolete against any stage that does not largely consist of Metal enemies. The other big weakness she possesses is her inconsistent multi-hit damage; depending on which hit happens to go critical, her damage to Metals can vary wildly. With bad luck, you can find that even when she does crit, she can simply juggle bulkier Metals like Super Metal Hippoe or Sir Metal Seal without ever doing the damage needed to kill them. The final thing working against her is the current state of Metal stages. Cyclone drop True Forms are perfectly capable of clearing most Metal-centric stages in the game at present, so the value of a pure Critical Hitter is relatively low and mostly for convenience."
"While Graveflower Verbena is certainly not a useless Uber, she is one that will very seldom be used or make a huge impact. She has nothing to stand out among the crowd of critter Ubers, and her wild inconsistency stemming from both the randomness of critical hits and her variable damage per hit makes her less reliable than other gacha and non-gacha alternatives. She can make pure Metal stages easier with some luck, but there's no reason to ever use her outside of Metal stages."
