Legeluga,4,Ubers and Legends
"Legeluga, like all Luga First Forms, is useless. The Evolved Form, Legelan Pasalan, however, is a strong but flawed midrange Rusher with 20 Speed, 12k DPS from 300 range, 51k HP and 5 KBs. Further to this are its immunities, with Immunity to Waves, KB, Freeze, Slow, Weaken and Warp. Also of note are its 5 frame foreswing, 3.5s attack rate (all of which is either foreswing or backswing), 4500 cost and 2 minute Cooldown. Finally, it has Omnistrike from 300 to -700 to hit enemies behind itself."
"Legelan has the outline of an excellent Rusher build, with a respectable attack rate and foreswing, full-backswing rebound mechanism with a solid KB count to exploit it, and a staggering 12k general DPS. With a wide range of immunities to better counter wave attackers and CC enemies too, Legelan can definitely influence the course of battle with a well timed rushdown, potentially dealing hundreds of thousands of damage over its life cycle. And while its speed looks a little on the low side for a Rusher, it is sufficient in practice more often than not."
"Unfortunately, while a single Legelan certainly dishes out heavy punishment, its huge cooldown will see it lose out on total damage output across the battle compared to Rushers with more typical 50 to 90s respawn rates. This is amongst the worst cooldowns in the Rusher class, and severely limits Legelan's utility. Its standing range is also a little unimpressive, much less than other midranger Rushers like Kalisa, and sees it take damage a little more than you'd like, and KB/Warp Immunity can work against Legelan's survivability/rebound usage, though the scale of these problems are nothing compared to the cooldown issue."
"Overall, Legelan could be great if not for its cooldown being around double the Rusher standard, essentially halving its performance compared to its peers. In very short battles where you would only have time to summon one Rusher, even one with a shorter cooldown, its performance is average to above average, albeit lacking the safety net of quickly sending out another should your first attempt at using it fail. However, in longer endurance battles it will consistently underperform. Legelan will also occasionally shine when you fight wave or CC enemies, but could have been so much more than this, and is generally considered one of the worst Legend Rares. Its negative range is of little use due to lack of Z-Kill, though would be questionable on a Rusher anyway."
