Kaguya of the Coast,4,Ubers and Legends
"Kaguya of the Coast is a decent midrange Support unit, who stands at 280 range, has 7650 HP with 3 KBs and 2800 DPS. Her core ability is a 20% chance to Slow Black and Alien enemies for 2.33 to 2.8s (depending on treasures), with a 1.5s attack cycle. Her cooldown is 7.2s. In Evolved Form, called The Southern Sun, she now stands at a backliner-level 440 range, has 42.5k HP with 4 KBs, 5000 DPS and now a 100% chance of inflicting Slow for 3.67 to 4.4s on her traits every 9.23s. To make up for this, her spammability is lost and her cooldown becomes 141.2s."
"Since Kaguya of the Coast is a seasonal variant of an Ultra Souls uber she is basically 2 units in one. Her First Form is good for slowing hordes of melee range Blacks and Aliens when stacked, while also dealing good DPS thanks to her fast cooldown letting her be stacked. Her Slow uptime is over 100%, so it is easy for a stack to maintain permanent Slow on targets. Her Evolved Form's extra range lets her work against a much larger variety of enemies, including many that non-Uber CC units have poor matchups against, reaching backliner Blacks like Le'noir and Aliens like Ursamajor, and can function as support without needing to be stacked due to the 100% Slow chance."
"Kaguya of the Coast's main problem is the fact that her main niches of CCing Blacks and Aliens are done better by Bombercat and Seafarer, respectively. Both are similar in range to Kaguya of the Coast, with superior Freeze instead of Slow, and much better proc rates allowing them to work more consistently with only one or two on the field. Kaguya of the Coast also lacks defenses, with too little HP to withstand attacks from many of her target enemies, making her hard to stack in the first place. In her Evolved Form, her main problem becomes her uptime. Her uptime is not even 50%, so she cannot function as your main CC in many situations, only offering bonus support. Her poor DPS means you can't really get much use as a ranged attacker from her either, as she performs barely better than even Crazed Bahamut and pre-TF Ururun in this role and gets completely outclassed by Awakened Ururun by late-game."
"Overall, Kaguya of the Coast is a pretty useless unit. She gets outclassed by non-Uber CC units in her first form, and her Evolved Form's use as a backline attacker is average at best even for early-to-mid-game. At most you can use her First Form for ok stackable midrange DPS, albeit with terrible survivability making this very limited, and her Evolved Form for some minor support against ranged Blacks/Aliens that non-Uber options struggle to reach."
