Tecoluga,4,Ubers and Legends
"Tecoluga is a super powerful Single Target Super-Backliner with 20.4k HP with 1 KB, 620 range and a ridiculous 15.3k DPS with a 10% chance to perform a Critical Hit. Its True Form increases its already high range to 720 and increases its crit chance to 20%. Its cooldown is over 5 minutes long. Note that its First Form has completely different stats and is practically useless."
"Tecoluga's biggest strength is its ultra-high DPS at a very good range. It is able to decimate enemies as long as it hits the target. This makes it especially good against stages with little to no peon spam such as Manic Mohawk and Manic Eraser. Its chance to crit is also a nice bonus to deal even more damage from time to time. Its crit also gives him the ability to one shot any Metal enemy, though inconsistently. It is especially nice against tankier Metals, most notably Sir Metal Seal. Also, while its Single Target does heavily limit its usage, on stages with a mix of peon spam and tanky enemies, it can still sometimes perform well if you use other units such as Manic Macho Legs to clear the path."
"Tecoluga's one glaring weakness is its Single Target. This severely limits its usage as it struggles on stages with lots of peons to soak up its attacks; it can barely land any meaningful hits on said stages. Its anti-Metal capabilities are also held back by this, as it performs poorly against Metal Doge spam, which is very common in Metal stages. It also has problems with survivability, with pathetically low HP and no chances to reposition; if anything pushes to Tecoluga then it's done for. Its cooldown is also painfully long, so losing Tecoluga soon after you summon it may leave you with no opportunity to recover."
"Overall, Tecoluga is an amazing Uber to have. It has a super useful niche being a Single Target Nuker. It is able to destroy many bosses easily and crush stages themselves. Sadly it doesn't have much general use due to Single Target. You can use it as a generalist by clearing the path with other units but it's still very tough to use."
