Sweet Aphrodite,4,Ubers and Legends
"Chocoladite is a super-backline Sniper unit with 2800 base DPS, with Massive Damage vs Red and Black. She stands at 550 range, with LD range covering from 450 to 850. She has 44.2k HP, 4 KBs, and costs 4500. Her respawn time is about 131 seconds."
"Chocoladite has amazing standing range and maximum LD reach, being able to deal with troublesome Red and Black (11.2k effective DPS) backliners such as Le' Noir, Dark Emperor Nyandam, Professor A, and Director Kurosawah with her massive 300 piercing range. She can be used on stages like Saint Red Fox, Pecking Order, Tunafish Trenches, Thriller Grin, and more. Chocoladite also has decent survivability due to her Super Backliner range and ability to reposition 3 times with decent base HP. Her high standing range helps keep her safe long enough to stack, when paired with her decent survivability, and can thus in very long stages build up considerable firepower over time."
"Chocoladite has a huge blind spot, meaning shorter ranged hard pushing enemies can enter it easily. Black enemies are notorious for being strong, fast pushers, with the likes of Shadow Boxer K, Gory Black and Razorback. Red enemies tend to have shorter ranges and melee pushers such as JK Bun Bun, Ginger Snache, Berserkory can cause her a lot of trouble. Her DPS compared to other Sniper Ubers is extremely low as well, having less than Archer CC, Almighty Aphrodite, Super D Devil, Madoka and Cat, and others around her range group, which can lower her general effectiveness overall. Her HP is slightly low by late game standards, which can lead Chocoladite to die quicker to hard hitting enemies in late SoL + UL stages."
"Chocoladite is a great anti-Red/Black Sniper that can easily take out annoying backliners of her targeted traits, but can fall short against them due to the pusher-heavy nature of Red and Black enemies. Her general usage is quite underwhelming in that her DPS is rather low, but is compensated for with safety due to her range. Overall, her usage is confined to slower stages, as rush and fast paced stages will easily mow her down. Despite all these weaknesses, she can still be viable in most stages across the game."
