Summoner Satoru,4,Ubers and Legends
"Summoner Satoru is a good anti-Aku CC unit and LD attacker. He has 37k HP with 3KBs, 3200 DPS at 470 Range (LD 370 to 770), 20 Speed, 3600 Cost, CD of 85s, and 100% chance to Slow Akus for 6s and a 20% chance for Shield Pierce with an 8.7s attack frequency. He also has immunity to Surge."
"The main strengths of Satoru lies in his anti-Aku abilities. The 100% Slow with good 69% uptime makes for a reliable CC unit VS most mid-to-long-ranged unshielded Akus, like Condemned Peng. Against shielded Akus like Fallen Bear, Satoru's 20% shield pierce, although inconsistent, could sometimes work to allow the slow to connect. Support from other shield piercers like Aku Researcher also helps his ability to connect. His Surge Immunity can also protect him from the death surges of Aku enemies, as well as allow him to be used in certain general surge stages with decent success. His acceptable DPS, great standing range, and high 300 piercing range also allow him to be used as a passable general LD sniper."
"Despite having quite impressive and unique abilities, Satoru has several big drawbacks that hurts his performance by quite a bit. First is his questionable survivability. Despite having an impressive range, his combination of low KB count, low HP and high speed makes his overall survivability mediocre at best. This means he can't be used effectively against high range Aku bosses like Jagando and Possessed Empress. His large blindspot also makes him a risky pick vs short ranged Aku enemies like Aku Gory, as well as in general use when melee enemies are present. Shields also limit his CC role severely, and his own ability as a shield piercer is abysmal, taking on average nearly a minute between successful procs. Shield Piercing is the most important ability for an anti-Aku as without it, they cannot be controlled and their effective HP is not something that can be easily dealt with using raw damage, so this harms Satoru's viability immensely."
"Overall, Satoru has very apparent strengths and weaknesses. His potentially excellent Anti-Aku CC is hindered by his low chance to pierce shields, and his good standing range is hindered by subpar defenses elsewhere and a dangerously large blindspot. All this comes together to mean his ideal niche is very narrow; unshielded midrange Akus. "
