The White Rabbit,4,Ubers and Legends
"The White Rabbit is an okay CC unit in her First and True Forms and a subpar Backline attacker in all forms. All three of her forms have the same stats, 49k base Health, 6 KBs, 465 range, and 3600 base DPS with a 9s attack rate, but with different abilities against Red and Alien enemies. Her First Form has guaranteed Slow proc (4.67 to 5.6s duration depending on treasures), her Evolved Form has the Strong ability, and her True Form has guaranteed KB and Weaken (5 to 6s duration)."
"The White Rabbit is used most often in her First Form, where she can consistently apply a long-lasting area Slow proc from a safe range, which works well on her target traits because Reds and Aliens tend to have strong pushers. She also has two 2-slot Slow combos which can efficiently boost her Slow uptime to a solid 60 to 72%. Her True Form also has an okay CC Support, being able to push her target traits back and Weaken them for up to around 80% uptime. In all three forms she has good survivability as her 465 range allows her to outrange many enemies, and her high KB count with her decent HP allows many opportunities for repositioning."
"Unfortunately, The White Rabbit has several weaknesses which limit her usefulness. Her disappointing base DPS is even lower than Bahamut's, and even in Evolved Form her Strong ability only gives her 5400 to 6400 effective DPS, which is severely underwhelming for a specialist. While her CC abilities have decent uptime, she also has a long attack rate, which could spell trouble if you are using her as your main CC unit and she misses an attack. Her Knockback ability in True Form can sometimes be useful, but more often than not the KB is actually a detriment, as she can make your other attackers miss or advance into danger."
"Overall, The White Rabbit's First Form is the most useful out of all her forms. She is able to outrange annoying enemies in early game such as Master A and THE SLOTH, and her Slow ability is good at controlling her target traits. Though she falls off later in the game due to her poor general stats, her niche as a ranged area CC support allows her to shine in a few late game stages, most notably Palcaccio Waters."
