Lucifer the Fallen,4,Ubers and Legends
"Lucifer the Fallen is a great anti-Floating/Aku Super Backliner. In Evolved Form, he has 38.3k HP with 3 KBs and 25k damage/3500 DPS at 550 range with LD from 400 to 700. He has Strong vs Floating/Aku, a 50% chance to create a Level 1 Surge (between 250 and 650), and Immunity to Surge. He costs 4650 to deploy and comes with a cooldown of 118s."
"Lucifer’s greatest strength is his extremely high range. The vast majority of Floating and Aku enemies, including bosses such as Jagando, simply can't reach him. Akus in particular can usually counter high range with their Death Surges, but Lucifer's immunity to Surges means he remains a safe option regardless. Against his traits, his Strong ability not only counteracts his somewhat low HP (effective 76.5k vs Aku, 95.6k vs Floating with treasures), but also boosts his effective DPS. Combined with his 50% Surge chance, he reaches up to a whopping 7800 average DPS vs Aku (9400 vs Floating with treasures). Despite not being able to directly pierce Aku Shields, Lucifer's high safety and great effective DPS allow him to make up for this by outliving most Shield Piercers to steadily build up his damage over the course of battle. His Surge having a low minimum spawn point also means it can cover his blindspot to occasionally counter fast pushers who have infiltrated it. Outside of his traits, his average DPS is up to 5200 which is among the highest for his range class."
"Unfortunately for Lucifer, his immense DPS for his range is only theoretical. His Surge DPS is inconsistent, not only due to it being a coin flip chance, but also because of the wide area it randomly spawns in meaning it sometimes will not connect with the desired target. His average DPS accounting for this decreases the farther away an enemy is, ranging from maximum 5200 DPS at 400 range to 3900 DPS at 700 range. This also means his ability to cover his large 400-range blindspot with Surges is inconsistent, making him weak against hard pushers such as Li'l Bun Buns and Brollows. Furthermore, while his build does allow him to chip down Shields, this is a slow process which you might not have time for in many stages, meaning he still often requires the support of a Shield Piercer."
"Breaking the trend of the anti-Aku ubers, Lucifer for once is not one of the worst units in his banner. He is a very effective general and anti-Floating/Aku Super Backliner with superb power and safety. Although his blindspot is large and his Surge is inconsistent, these are tolerable weaknesses and do not stop him from being a valuable unit to own."
