Li'l Valkyrie,4,Ubers and Legends
"With 345 range and 32 Speed, Li'l Valkyrie is a generalist Rusher that can act as a Midranger in some situations. She has 49k Damage per hit with a 1.6s backswing, 11k DPS, and a short 51s Cooldown which is all great for her role. Less good are her 36k HP and 2 KBs, but with valuable Immunity to Waves, and immunity to nearly every status effect (no Toxic or Surge) she is not without defenses. She also has Barrier Breaker (30%) and Zombie Killer effects, which expands her offensive usage."
"Li'l Valkyrie has huge DPS, a very short cooldown, high speed, fast attack rate and fast foreswing, giving her all the hallmarks of a great Rusher. Her speed and range also allow her to enter enemy blindspots very easily and work as an effective Midranger with her great DPS. She already has quite a respectable number of targets and use cases from her nice stat build alone, but then her large number of abilities, both offensive and defensive, allow her to even better counter many troublesome enemies with status effects (Henry, Gardeneel, Croakley, etc.), wave enemies, Zombies, and Star Aliens with barriers. With all this, Li'l Valk is versatile almost beyond compare, with an answer to many of the problems the game will throw at you in some form or another."
"Lil Valk's main weakness is of course her low health and KB count. With 2 KBs and 18k endurance she does not have the ability to regularly reposition then resume attacking, like other rushers such as Yukimura. Her KB and Warp immunities rob her of any chances to claim additional repositions against enemies with these abilities. Her short backswing doesn't help, as she can often push into the enemy lines prematurely, before your other units have had a chance to keep up. As well as diminishing her effectiveness as a general Rusher, these factors also hurt her survivability. Her range is a little underwhelming, making her unusable against Teacher Bear variants, Winged Pigge, etc, and her high speed causes her to clip into enemies she could otherwise outrange such as The Face and H. Nah, making her performance unreliable against them. Her Barrier Break is also inconsistent, with only a 30% chance. While some amount of suicidal tendencies are expected in a Rusher, these hurt her use as a general Midranger too, where it is less forgivable. All in all her survivability issues can lead to her being an inefficient use of money if you are not careful and selective in your use of Li'l Valk."
"Despite these weaknesses sounding scary, Li'l Valk is still a very good unit with great overall stats only moderately hindered by some unfortunate matchups and build issues. Her value is quite good through the whole game, countering many hard stages and finding more uses than you might expect at first glance, though she is not immune to Toxic and Surge effects which are more recently introduced than her, giving her a small (though possibly growing?) gap in coverage as an anti-effect unit."
