Jagando Jr.,4,Story Legends
"Jagando Jr. is a great anti-Traitless Midranger, standing at 360 range and having 6 speed with 2 KBs. In evolved form, Lord of Ruin Jagando Jr., he has a three part Multi-Hit attack dealing 4080, 4080, and 16.3k damage at each part, at level 30, with an attack frequency of 5.03s, with zero idle time between attacks. The final attack strikes 3.6s after the attack animation begins and has a 100% chance to knockback Traitless enemies and create a level 1 Surge Attack (carrying the knockback ability) at a spawnpoint of 150 to 550. He has 52.7k HP, 4900 DPS (up to 8100 DPS with surge). Jagando also has Strong versus Traitless enemies, increasing the effective stats to 105k HP and 7300 DPS (up to 12.2k DPS with surge). Furthermore, Jagando is Curse and Surge Immune. He costs 4200 to deploy, and has a CD of 115s."
"Jagando is excellent at controlling and damaging Traitless threats. The frequent knockback is able to shut down the pushing power of both fast and tanky Traitless enemies. The surge also is often able to hit enemies for a second knockback and increase overall damage output. Though not reliable, the surge can sometimes pierce farther than Jagando's standing range, giving valuable KB and a bit of chip damage versus Traitless backliners such as Camelle. In addition, Jagando's DPS is fairly high; boosted by Strong vs. Traitless, his effective DPS tops almost all other options, including most ubers. Because of his low speed and constant attack cycle, Jagando does not push up fast and remains protected. In 4*, Jagando functions well as a general attacker due to his high DPS, even against non-Traitless enemies. His high effective HP allows him to shrug off chip damage, such as that from Mr. Mer's miniwave attacks. Curse Immunity, though not critical to his role, allows Jagando to still perform in the presence of enemies with Curse such as Loris. As one of few Surge Immune attackers, Jagando is a valuable asset in dealing reliable damage amidst surges, such as versus Medu-San. Jagando effectively counters Uril in particular due to both Surge and Curse Immunity."
"Jagando's most glaring weakness is the 3.6s windup until the main hit, nearly as long as Crazed Bahamut's foreswing; the prior two attacks deal low damage comparatively and provide little consolation. If a stray peon rushes in front of the main threat, Jagando will attack early and miss his final attack, though Jagando does get to try again instantly. If not protected well enough, Jagando will fail to land many attacks before being knocked back or killed. Although his HP is good, it is not enough to tank many Traitless threats long enough to land an attack and free himself. Having only 2 KBs does not help; Jagando is unable to reposition himself easily to retreat from unchecked threats, especially at a range of 360. His cooldown of 115s means that, without effective stalling, Jagando will often still be on cooldown upon death."
"Jagando Jr. is a key anti-Traitless unit in keeping all sorts of Traitless enemies at bay and taking them down. He will find use in all sorts of Traitless stages, and he has a niche as a Surge Immune attacker. However, care must be taken to protect Jagando and clear the path for him, else his potential will be wasted and he will remain on cooldown for a long time."
