Huntress Terun,4,Ubers and Legends
"Huntress Terun is a good anti-Red/Alien CC Backliner that stands at 430 range with a guaranteed AoE Slow against Red and Alien for 4s. Alongside this, she has a 20% chance of a triple damage Savage Blow, Colossus Killer and Immunities to Freeze and Weaken. Her stats are 35.7k HP with 4 KBs, 3700 DPS, 3000 cost, 61s Cooldown and 8 Speed. It is not recommended to use her First Form as it has inferior stats and abilities."
"Terun's core strength lies on a very high Slow uptime of 70% (84% when all Fruit treasures are at max) paired with an amazingly fast Cooldown and low cost for her role. This allows her to completely shut down any Red or Alien she can outrange, such as JK Bun Bun and Ursamajor, especially when after a minute you can easily have two Teruns working together. Her Savage Blows increase her average DPS to 5200, which is average for attackers of her Range Class but very high for a unit of her Cost and Cooldown, which gives her an edge especially in stages where your backliners die and need to be cycled back in regularly. Colossus Killer grants her extra bulk to be able to survive a hit at high levels from maximum power Baron Seal, against whom she is a good pick due to compatible Range and CC effectiveness against enemies in the stage."
"Terun's most noticeable weakness is  her low HP, making her vulnerable to Long Distance foes, such as Tackey and Loris, who may be supporting Terun's targets. Her DPS is luck-dependent and only especially potent when she is stacked, so you will likely only use it as a bonus when you are bringing her for CC anyway. Terun also has a long foreswing of 3 seconds, making her prone to sometimes miss lower endurance enemies, cutting back the effectiveness of both her damage output and CC. Colossus Killer does not grant enough of a damage increase to really matter in the face of Colossal enemies so it remains mostly a gimmick, and any other similar range anti-Red/Alien units are likely to do about equally well against them. Furthermore despite being designed as an anti-Colossus with an Alien trait target, she is not effective against Super Hyppoh due to interference from Tackey there. Finally, Terun suffers harsh competition in her target traits, as many short range Red enemies and Aliens can already be shut down by lower rarity units such as Can Can and Seafarer, limiting Terun's relevance to cases where those units are outranged or unavailable."
"Huntress Terun can be a valuable addition to the player's arsenal early on when they lack a good number of counters to her target traits, such as in ItF. As the game progresses and more units become available, her role is limited to the few stages where LD enemies are not present and her high range is helpful, such as Swim Meet, though in these situations her potent CC combined with low Cost and Cooldown make her very efficient. Despite her Colossus Killer ability, the unimpressive stat bonus it grants means she is not notably better than regular ubers with a similar build against Baron Seal, and completely inviable against Super Hyppoh."
