Guile,4,Ubers and Legends
"Guile is a poor CC/Support unit with the ability to Weaken, Slow, and also resists Floating enemies. He has 54k base HP with 2 KBs, 5400 DPS at 380 range, and 21 Speed. He also has a cost of 4200 and an average 2 minute Cooldown. His attack is a multi-hit with the damage split equally, but only the 2nd hit has CC. Both procs are guaranteed and last 4 seconds with full treasures."
"Guile doesn't have any huge strengths, but his 272k effective HP against Floating enemies (136k endurance) can be useful to wall enemies like Brollows. His guaranteed Weaken/Slow proc can help make hard pushing melee bosses such as Bun Buns more manageable. His standing range is also comfortable for most Floating enemies. Finally, his fast movement speed allows him to infiltrate the blindspots of enemies like Tackey and Henry, allowing for some general use."
"A fatal flaw in Guile's CC is his multi-hit mechanic. The attacks happen with little gap between them, which means that low endurance enemies get knocked back before his 2nd hit, which inflicts the debuffs. This also serves to lower his already poor Midranger DPS. His CC ability is also not that great even when it hits, with only ~60% uptime, which is mediocre for Slow and near unusable for Weaken. Despite resisting Floating enemies, his effective HP is still too low to be used as a serious Tanker and his respawn time is too long for this job regardless. Finally, his fast speed is more often than not a drawback, as it causes him to rush in and clip, causing him to die early. With only one chance to reposition, this can be fatal, especially when against non-Floating attackers or mixed stages."
"In conclusion, Guile fails at his Floating CC role due to low uptime and a really unfortunate multi-hit that causes the all-important second blow to miss. Relevant Floating enemies are readily controlled by options such as Sanzo, making him largely irrelevant even when he can work. His base stats are also too low for general use as a Midranger, and he should only be considered as an option when truly desperate."
