Master Uril,4,Story Legends
"Master Uril is an excellent anti-Relic CC unit with 68k HP and 3KBs, standing at 375 range. His main ability is to Slow Relics for 2s while creating a Level 3 Surge (400-600 range) every 4.2s, and he is immune to being cursed. His base DPS is 804 (3216 DPS if all Surge hits connect), and he has 4050 cost and a 111s Cooldown."
"Master Uril's biggest strength is the combination of his guaranteed Slow with a high level Surge which also inflicts Slow on each hit, leading to nearly 100% uptime. His Surge grants his attacks between 150 and 350 piercing range, allowing him to slow multi-layered or backline enemies. The Surge can also slow Relics that are initially out of range, but later enter its lingering hitbox, preventing them from pushing through during the gaps between his attacks. With enough range to control almost every Relic before they can harm him, and one of the highest non-Uber HP stats to withstand their attacks even if they do, he has no issues surviving to carry out his job. All of this makes Uril arguably the strongest anti-Relic CC unit in the game. Outside of Relic enemies, Uril can also serve as a general attacker for 4-Crown restrictions, being one of the few usable sources of piercing DPS."
"The few Relics who outrange Uril, such as Lowkey and Dogumaru, stop him from entirely dominating the trait. Other than that, the only thing stopping him from being perfect is that his uptime is not quite 100%. This is hardly a problem in itself, but it may rarely let an enemy slightly close in on him, and he can struggle to recover from this due to Surge RNG. As Uril's Surge spawns at high range, it can fail to reach nearby enemies and misses more often the closer they get (never hits <150, RNG between 150 and 350, always hits 350 to 525). If the Surge isn't making contact, his uptime drops to less than 50%, potentially leaving fast pushers who have somehow broken through with an easy time continuing to gain ground and cause mayhem. His damage output is also very poor, especially when Surge doesn't make contact, and gives him little hope of KBing such enemies back into optimal Surge range."
"Master Uril is an incredibly powerful CC unit against Relic, with a high uptime piercing Slow that lets him outperform most or all ubers in this role, and HP high enough to take a beating from late game enemies. Despite unimpressive damage outside of 4-Crown usage, he is a staple unit throughout the entirety of UL, and definitely worth climbing the Heavenly Tower to obtain."
