The 9th Angel,4,Ubers and Legends
"The 9th Angel is an excellent Sniper with 38k Health with 3 KBs, 2200 base DPS, 4 Speed, and 450 standing range. It has LD from 250 to 700 range, 100% chance to create a level 1 Surge (spawn location 400 to 700), Massive Damage to Aliens, guaranteed Weaken to Aliens (5s to 6s duration depending on treasures), and Warp Immunity."
"The 9th Angel has all the tools necessary for an anti-Alien. Aliens have no small number of annoying backliners such as Ursamajor, Calamary and Alpacky, amongst others and The 9th Angel has enough piercing range to be able to hit almost everything in the enemy backline, with the guaranteed Weaken proc alongside Massive Damage (17.9k effective DPS including surge). The 9th Angel is hence capable of making many Alien stages a breeze with these extreme anti-Alien properties. Outside of his Alien niche, The 9th Angel also has excellent properties to serve as a good LD Sniper in general stages. Very few enemies can stand outside of its massive Long Distance range with 250 piercing range, when given a stepping stone enemy. Although it can never compete with Aphrodite's 600 standing range, he still has a good backline standing range to be safe from the frontline enemy threats. 4500 effective LD+surge DPS against any non-Alien trait is slightly higher than the average LD Uber (in comparison to 3100 DPS of Awakened Mina) being a reasonable addition to non Alien stages requiring a LD Sniper."
"Unfortunately, The 9th Angel suffers from many problems. For one, his slow speed makes him awkward to use and often late to reach the front line and fight. Secondly, the low HP along with its low KB count makes The 9th Angel fragile if a hard-pushing frontline manages to reach it and useless against wave enemies without support and LD enemies in general. The 9th Angel also comes with all the normal problems that come with being a LD Sniper. He has a blindspot of 250 range, which is not as terrible as some other Snipers, but still relevant with hard-pushing fast enemies like Nimoy Bore or desynced Scissoroos. While his guaranteed Weaken is effective, it should not be used as the sole anti-Alien CC in Alien-heavy stages; its uptime is less than 50%, and thus should be seen as a bonus to being an LD Sniper, rather than being the end-all answer to all Aliens."
"Overall, The 9th Angel is an excellent anti-Alien Sniper which will tear apart many Alien stages, including the majority of ItF and CotC, and several within SoL and UL. Sharing a similar role to Aphrodite, The 9th Angel has an edge over Aphrodite in having a 100% chance to Weaken, and higher DPS despite its inferior range, speed, and survivability. The 9th Angel remains an excellent anti-Alien unit with base stats sufficient to perform respectably outside of its anti-Alien niche."
