Imagawa Yoshimoto,4,Ubers and Legends
"Yoshimoto is a decent anti-Black CC/Support Uber and LD Sniper. He has Strong against Black and has a 100% chance to Weaken them for 9 seconds (10.8 with ItF fruits) with a standing range of 450 and LD from 250 to 700. His base stats include 54k HP and 3 KBs, 3100 DPS and 8 Speed. He also has a 131s Cooldown. In Evolved Form his Weaken lasts only for 6 seconds, his base HP is lower, and his standing range is 425; still usable, but his True Form is much more viable and consistent overall."
"Yoshimoto’s main strengths are, of course, his anti-Black abilities. His Weaken exceeds 100% uptime with treasures, giving him a solid 270k effective HP against weakened Blacks. His LD DPS is also boosted to an effective 5600 against Blacks which is very respectable for a Sniper. These abilities make him able to provide decent support in almost all Black stages, suppressing the pushing power of large crowds of enemies, and let him hard counter ranged threats such as Le'Noir and Tackey, who have few direct non-Uber counters compared to most Blacks. His LD damage is good enough for general Sniper use, with low speed to stay behind your other cats and chip away at enemy backliners with his huge 250 piercing range."
"Yoshimoto’s main weakness is his LD blindspot of 250, which leaves him vulnerable to melee range Black pushers avoiding his Weaken and dealing heavy damage to your cats while unchecked. His long foreswing and attack cycle leave a large window of opportunity for this to happen, and reduce his general viability too, especially when matched against non-Black LD or Wave enemies that can readily interrupt him."
"Overall, Yoshimoto is a decent anti-Black Support unit and an average general Sniper. His abilities work well for his typing and open up a rare opportunity to counter Tackeys and other threats which Uberless lineups can struggle with (though Pizza Wave talent can often work and deal much more damage). In general use he is similar to Awakened Mina, with a bit of an edge in durability and range but less damage output, so he's not amazing but far from unusable in this role."
