Miko Mitama,4,Ubers and Legends
"Miko Mitama, or rather her Evolved Form Mitama the Oracle, is an excellent midrange CC unit and Sniper. She has 30k base HP with 15 KBs, 4200 DPS at 350 range (LD 250 to 650), 6 Speed, 5250 cost and a 160 second CD. Her core CC ability is 100% Slow against Traited enemies for 3.33s. Furthermore she is Resistant to all Traited, and has Immunity to Waves, KB, Freeze, Slow, and Weaken. Her attack cycle has a short 15f foreswing, and then full 136f backswing, adding up to a ~5s attack frequency. First Form has the same core Resistant to Traited ability and is a weaker, more spammable LD attacker, but is essentially never used over the Evolved Form."
"Mitama's Slow ability is extremely overpowered, with high 70% uptime, a rebound attack (with 15 KBs to use it repeatedly) and a huge 300 piercing range. It would be considered good even as a single trait ability, but it targets all Traited enemies. This not only gives her a huge amount of viable targets, but even breaks multiple trait stages a specialist would have trouble on. Her survivability coming from her incredible KB count and Resistant ability is equally overpowered, with 150k effective HP against Traited, as well as low speed and full backswing to never advance carelessly making her almost unkillable. Short foreswing makes both her CC and damage output remarkably consistent, and her immunity to almost all relevant debuffs means not even status enemies like Henry, Croakley or Calamary can disrupt her. Her DPS is also not bad for an LD unit with such a big piercing range, even allowing her to work decently as a Sniper or anti-Wave attacker when needed, meaning her uses are not limited to Traited enemies. There are almost no situations in which she will not be useful in one of these many roles, and almost no enemies which can meaningfully stand against her."
"While Mitama is clearly one of the best Ubers in the game, she has some situational weaknesses that stop her from being omnipotent. One of these is her standing range; while she can safely outrange most melee/midrange enemies with her 350 standing range and LD, many enemy backliners outrange her in a 1-on-1 fight, and she can be juggled if not provided with adequate stepping stones. She also has somewhat low base HP, meaning that when Traitless threats are mixed in with her Traited targets (or when inflicted with Curse, one of the few statuses she isn't immune to) she can lose the near-immortality her Resistance and KB count usually grant her. Her slow speed can also hinder her in some cases, especially against enemy LD units such as Tackey. Mitama additionally lacks a solid counter to Zombies who revive or burrow and score free hits on her. She also has a high deploy cost and very long CD, meaning that when her weaknesses do become a problem, using her carelessly can be a costly mistake."
"Mitama provides a free win on a majority of stages in the game with her insanely overpowered CC ability against all Traits, respectable DPS to back it up, as well as absurd survivability, consistency and debuff immunities to make her borderline unstoppable. She has few fears. The main one being that tougher Traitless enemies and Curse can ignore her all-important abilities and reduce her to ""just"" a decent midrange Sniper though even that is a useful role to fulfil. Despite this, her sheer dominance in the meta means her usage never truly falls off, and she remains one of the best units to own deep into the end game."
