Takeda Shingen,4,Ubers and Legends
"Takeda Shingen is an excellent backline Nuker. He is one of the few Target Only ubers, targeting Black, Alien, and (with talents) Angels. To balance out his inability to target most enemies, he has base stats including 134k HP with 2 KBs, 129k Damage per hit and 16.8k DPS with a 3.7s second foreswing. His True Form grants an increase in range from 440 to 470 as well as generally improved stats so it is highly recommended to unlock if you are going to use Shingen. He has a 161s Cooldown and 5985 cost."
"Shingen delivers crushingly powerful attacks from a comfortable range to deal with most enemies in his target traits, especially in True Form. For Black enemies, Shingen’s large range sets it apart from Pizza Cat, because while Pizza is more stackable, it is outranged by the few Black backliners like Le'Noir, which makes Shingen great at disposing of XP stages in early game. Shingen shines in both Cats of the Cosmos and Into the Future where Aliens are plentiful. When Shingen can’t directly outrange his target, such as against Alien super backliners, his huge HP pool lets him often tank their attacks long enough to approach and attack them anyway. His Angel Target talent is cheap to unlock, and greatly expands his usage as his anti-Angel performance is great, and harder to replace than his other traits which have many more counters."
"Shingen's biggest weakness is obviously his Target Only trait, resulting in no use as a generalist. He has limited use in SoL with only so many compatible stages to use him on, and in UL can be dangerous to choose as Curse renders him unable to attack anything other than the enemy base. He has a very long foreswing that causes him to miss, especially when combined with other high DPS area attackers. He also boasts an expensive price tag, although with talents that can be reduced dramatically to make him pretty cheap for his weight class (4485), but that requires a large NP investment."
"Unless you own one of a handful of the most broken specialists in these traits, Shingen will likely be one of your greatest weapons against Blacks, Aliens and Angels. His awkward attack cycle, high cost and most of all his Target Only bring down his potential, but he has more than enough strengths, thanks primarily to his monster stats for his range class, to remain a highly effective and desirable uber even after accounting for his notable weaknesses. "
