Sodom,4,Ubers and Legends
"God Emperor Sodom is an underwhelming anti-Floating CC midrange Tanker, with 118k base HP and 2 KBs. He has a range of 415, 6100 DPS, 4 Speed, and a 2 minute Cooldown. His abilities include Resistant and KB (100% chance) to his targeted traits. His talents give him access to Target Relic, Curse Immunity, and a 30% chance to Weaken for 4 seconds by 50%. He has a high cost like his brethren, at 6450, one of the largest in the game, as well as a 12s attack cycle and 2s of foreswing."
"Sodom's strengths lie in a significant 591k effective HP against Floating with full treasures and 472k effective HP against Relics. He can effectively tank enemies like Loris, Pigeon de Sable, Othom, Bun Bun family, and others nicely. His KB immunity can allow Sodom to become an impenetrable wall against M. Ost, which allows for effective stalling. His slow speed can help stack him with his respectable recharge on slow paced stages. His range lets him outrange most common Floating enemies. Combined with his support abilities, although very inconsistent, he can deal with a majority of Floating enemies. He shines in stages with lure strats, where his speed isn't holding him back."
"Sodom faces many weaknesses: sluggish speed, unreasonably high cost, long TBA, limited usage, and a long foreswing. His speed can make him too slow to reach the frontline effectively, and his large range means he is awkward as a tank even when he does, unable to protect most of your other cats and acting as little more than a wall to buy time when enemies do break through. His KB Immunity is a double edged sword, causing him to lose chances to reposition when he’s not tanking but acting as a backline damager. Relics are usually paired with backliners, so KB is often counterproductive against them. He can miss frequently due to his foreswing, which, combined with his long TBA, can hurt a lot. For Sodom to be viable in Relic stages, he requires his talents to work properly, at a heavy NP cost. His somewhat low base HP stat can lead to him getting easily shredded by enemies outside his targeted traits, and his high cooldown means he can’t afford this weakness."
"Sodom's meta value is very niche and limited. He can perform great against Relics on some occasions with his tanking capabilities, but they require his talents and support. Even then, he's nothing extraordinary against them. He can obliterate Floating-only stages as a wall when paired with meatshields and support (such as Octopus). However, since his base HP is quite low, he gets steamrolled when enemies outside his target traits are added into the mix, making Sodom an under average general Tanker. His CC is usually too inconsistent to be helpful, and his DPS for his range is nothing too special."
