M. Bison,4,Ubers and Legends
"M. Bison is a good Backliner who is Strong against Zombie, Alien, and Floating traits. He has 4900 base DPS spread across three closely spaced multi-hits, and 68k HP with 4 KBs. He stands at 415 range (Omnistrike 415 to -685) and has 8 Speed, a decent attack frequency (6.9s), and 4275 cost with 141.2s Cooldown."
"M. Bison's strength lies in the scope of his usage (against his target traits). Guaranteed AoE Barrier Break helps on barrier-heavy stages like Cosmic Frontier or Zyclone Revenge. With Warp Immunity he can hold ground on stages with Corporal Weyland, Ribbo, or Gardeneel Bros. His standing range allows him to hit midrange enemies of his targeted traits like Cadaver Bear or Ursamajor. Thanks to his fast attack rate and negative range, he can kill Zombie peons (e.g. The Thrillerz, Zuche) as they unburrow. Strong elevates his effective bulk to 136k to 170k HP (depending on treasures), which helps him use all his KBs while also tanking some ambushes by Zombies. It also puts his effective DPS at a solid 7400 to 8800 (depending on treasures) which is very respectable damage output for his range class. His low speed also plays in his favor, allowing him to stand behind meatshield flow consistently."
"M. Bison's strengths come at a high expense though; his multi-hit does him much more harm than good. If a hit knocks back an enemy, successive hits will miss due to their timing being close together, thus greatly lowering his damage output against low-endurance enemies like LeMurr or Brollow and other Floating enemies especially. His Floating usage is further hindered by mediocre standing range and lack of piercing range, making for a poor matchup against Floating backliners (e.g. Gobble, Othom), and low-range Floating enemies being handled easily with non-Ubers anyway. His subpar range for a Backliner exposes him to attacks from other backliners like Calamary or Elder Sloth, and hurts his general usage alongside his subpar base DPS. This combined with his longer than average cooldown, makes him a rather poor generalist Backliner."
"M. Bison is a jack of many trades. Despite having three target traits, he retains good usability against all of them. However, his range makes him fall short as a conventional Backliner often, and multi-hit makes his damage output inconsistent. However, he makes up for these weaknesses with good effective stats, broad trait targeting, and a variety of utility abilities (Barrier Break, Warp Immunity, Zombie Killer, Omnistrike) in his niche."
