Eva Unit-02,4,Ubers and Legends
"Eva Unit-02 is an exceptional anti-Red Nuker and a great general LD attacker. Its main abilities are Long Distance attacks (200 to 650 range) while standing at 400 range and Massive Damage to Red enemies. It also has Strengthen at 33% HP that boosts their DPS by 100% . Its health is pretty good at 66.3k, but sadly it only has 3 KBs, as well as 15 Speed and a 141s Cooldown. Its biggest asset is its large 37.4k base Damage and 5500 base DPS .The Evolved Form lacks the Strengthen ability and has less DPS so the True Form is recommended to be obtained quickly, especially with its uniquely cheap TF cost."
"Eva Unit-02's biggest strength is its anti-Red niche. Its Massive Damage to Red boosts its already great DPS to a whopping effective 22k DPS, which is ridiculously high considering they have 250 pierce. It particularly counters Professor A extremely well as it can kill them in just 2-3 hits with a stepping stone. Its Strengthen makes its attacks tremendously strong, being able to tear apart hordes of Red enemies in just a few attacks, with an insane 44k effective LD DPS when strengthened. Its combination of good LD coverage and outstanding DPS make it one of, if not, the best anti-Red Uber in the game. Eva Unit-02 is also a very decent general LD attacker because of its previously mentioned good LD coverage and above average DPS for a Sniper. When strengthened, the 11k DPS is among the few highest general LD attackers in the game."
"Eva Unit 02's offensive power is unmatched, but its weaknesses mostly come from its defense and survivability. Eva Unit 02 only has 3 KBs and 400 standing range. While Backliners with ~450 range can afford this, Eva Unit 02 can find itself dying pretty easily if not protected well. Its speed is also uncomfortably high for a LD unit as it can cause clipping which further decreases already shaky survivability. It also has a decently long cooldown, so having it die early is hard to recover from. Also, its Strengthen, while it does grant incredible DPS, sadly only activates at their last knockback, meaning that they can't reposition after activating their Strengthen. This means that it will usually only land at best a few strengthened hits before dying, and it cannot be indefinitely sustained on remotely hard stages."
Eva Unit-02 is undoubtedly one of the best anti-Red units in the game thanks to its unparalleled DPS and good LD coverage. It can completely demolish almost all common Red enemies and it makes mainly Red stages a joke. It's also a decent pick for a general LD attacker although this is held back due to its bad survivability.
