Hell Warden Emma,4,Ubers and Legends
"Hell Warden Emma is an underwhelming anti-Wave Uber, despite being the Wave Buster Exclusive, with the core ability of Wave Block. Stat wise, she has 255k HP with 10 KBs giving her 25k endurance, 3800 DPS at 200 standing range (Omnistrike 350 to -600), 4350 cost, 30 Speed and a 120 second CD. Each strike of her three stage multi-hit has a 20% chance to proc Weaken against all enemies for 2 seconds."
"Emma's main strength lies in her ability to block waves. Paired with her very high base HP and KB count to keep her alive easily, she can keep protecting your other units from waves for a long time. Her survivability is further enhanced by her Weaken, which is somewhat unreliable but nice to have as it covers all enemies. Her 150 Omni piercing lets her land Weaken on midrange enemies, and her 200 standing range can also allow her to outrange some enemies that her main competitor, Octopus Cat, cannot at 130 range. She also has high speed, letting her get to the front lines and block waves soon after you spawn her."
"Unfortunately, Emma has many weaknesses which lower her usability by a large degree. The first one is her terribly high KB count which, while good for her survival, hinders her ability as a Wave Blocker as during the KB animation she cannot block waves. Her endurance before being knocked back is 25k Damage, less than Octopus Cat. Aside from certain situations where Octo dies too fast to be useful due to being outranged, but Emma's slightly higher range would keep her alive and blocking waves longer, there is little reason to use her over simply summoning multiple Octopus Cats. Her high speed causes her to clip into the enemy frontline and lessen her already minor range advantage, compounding the problem. As stated previously, her Weaken is also unreliable, and will rarely proc. Even if it does, it has a short duration, resulting in it not contributing too much. Her DPS is also extremely low for her range, making her useless as an attacker as well."
"Overall, Emma has lacking endurance for a Wave Blocker, making it difficult to use her, especially when you already own Octopus Cat. Nevertheless, her higher standing range gives her occasional moments to shine over Octo, even if it is still much less than that of the top level Wave Blockers like Eva Unit 00 and Tokyo Miku. The Weaken ability does not function well in practice due to the low chance, and her usage as an attacker is non-existent. At very high levels, she can begin to alleviate her problems as her base HP becomes sufficient to tank a wider range of enemies, but this requires high investment to simply make a lackluster unit decent."
