Asiluga,4,Ubers and Legends
"Asiluga, or rather its True Form Assassinlan Pasalan, is a decent super backline Support unit. Its physical stats are too small to be worth anything (19k HP with 1 KB, 500 DPS), but its unbelievable 1250 standing range and 100% Slow against all enemies for 3s (3.6s with treasure) are instead its main tools. Talents can extend its Slow duration to 4s (4.8s) and grant it Dodge and Survivor abilities. It also has an average Luga cooldown of 325s."
"Assassinlan stays safe from enemies by having such a large range that even heavy pushers need a long time to reach it. During this time, its Slow proc impedes enemy progress and buys you more time to deal with just about any threat, while also providing a small amount of chip damage against high range enemies which you may struggle to land hits on otherwise in the early game before wave/LD/etc cats are available. All of this is to say that it works similarly to Cyberpunk Cat, albeit without a blindspot. Notably, they work well in combination together, covering the gaps in each others’ uptimes such that Assassinlan's main role in the meta is to act as extra support when you're using Cyberpunk anyway. Assassinlan also has an accessible two-slot Slow Up M combo (with Macho Legs Cat) which further enhances the effectiveness of this strategy."
"Assassinlan's main weaknesses are obvious. Again, much like Cyberpunk, it has essentially no relevant DPS and is not going to make an appreciable dent in any meaningful enemies outside of very early game. It is also extremely fragile, dying to almost any enemy that does manage to reach this deep into your backline, such as wave attackers or Zombies especially. This weakness is even worse when you notice its absurdly long cooldown. If he dies and you were relying on its support CC to keep your army alive, you probably won’t live to summon another one. Finally, Assassinlan’s Slow uptime of 29% is extremely poor, so it will rarely offer sufficient control by itself to actually suppress aggressive enemies."
"In conclusion, Assassinlan is an effective universal Support unit with incredible standing range and a strong place in the Cyberpunk meta. However, with his shallow HP pool, obscene cooldown and lack of DPS, it is often preferable to use other, less slow strategies with specialized counters to the threat at hand. That being said, Assassinlan’s ability to work on just about anything still makes it a viable choice for much of the game when you just need a little bit of extra control to keep your defenses intact. It will never turn a bad lineup into an easy win, but it can certainly turn a close loss into a close victory when used correctly."
