Pai-Pai,4,Ubers and Legends
"Pai-Pai is a very strong Uber. Her main role in battle is being a backline Nuker. Her biggest selling point is her great anti-Red capabilities, wielding Insane Resistance & Massive Damage versus Red enemies along with Weaken Immunity. She also has good range (440), high base DPS (6000) with a decently long attack rate (8.5s) and foreswing (2.53s), decent cooldown (111s), fast movement speed (20), and decent survivability (48k HP, 3 KBs). Talents grant her Slow Immunity and Survive."
"Pai-Pai is generally considered one of the best anti-Red Ubers in the game, with her incredible 333k effective HP and 24k effective DPS against Reds. Her sheer strength can brute force most Red enemies in the game, her incredible effective HP and DPS allowing her to comfortably power through Reds such as Capy, Berserkory and Two Can. Because of Pai-Pai's ability of Weaken Immunity, she becomes one of the best Ubers to use in Realm of Carnage, as she can tank through Hannya’s attack thanks to her Insane Resistance and ignore the devastating Weaken debuff that Hannya would've inflicted. Pai-Pai also has talents, her most notable talent being Slow Immunity which is made specifically to counter one of the biggest Red nuisances: Professor A. With Slow Immunity and her Insane Resistance, Pai-Pai can tank through Prof A with ease and kill him quickly with her great effective DPS. This is especially notable in I'll be Bug, where Pai-Pai performs very well if she has her Slow Immunity unlocked as she can rush to the Prof A and exterminate it very quickly. Lastly, her stats as a generalist Backliner are quite good, boasting high stats overall."
"One of Pai-Pai's strengths being high movement speed is both a blessing and a curse. While it allows her to reach the frontline more quickly, Pai-Pai's attack isn't composed of backswing, meaning if an enemy gets knocked back while Pai-Pai is idle, she will invade into the enemies range and get hit. Pai-Pai's attack cycle is also not the greatest, as she has a somewhat long attack rate with decently long foreswing. Her attacks are still consistent as the foreswing is tolerable, but Pai-Pai will occasionally miss her attacks, especially against enemies with high KB counts."
"Pai-Pai's anti-Red niche has always stayed relevant. Most non-Ubers don't quite have a strong offensive counterplay versus Reds, especially Reds that have high stats. Anti-Red Nukers fulfill that gap and have proven to make Red stages that would've been troublesome, much easier and Pai-Pai is a great one. Not only that, she also has good generalist usage as Backliner, making Pai-Pai, overall, a great Uber welcome in most people’s collections."
