The 4th Angel,4,Ubers and Legends
"The 4th Angel is a terrible Super Backliner and bad CC uber. Its main ability is a 100% chance to KB Black enemies from a high 500 range every 6 seconds, and this is supplemented by its 50% chance to create a level 3 Mini-Wave. It also has Massive Damage against Black enemies to make up for its poor base DPS of 2600, and other underwhelming stats of 35.7k HP, 3 KBs and 3 minute long Cooldown."
"The 4th Angel's main strength is its ability to knock back hordes of Black enemies from a safe distance, with its occasional mini-waves increasing the range of this ability as well as its DPS (effective DPS up to 12k against Blacks). Its ability works best against tanky Blacks like Dark Otter and Bun Bun Black, and notably works well against Le'noir by keeping it away from anything it can attack. It also has fast attack speed for an Uber, which improves the quality of its Knockback ability and helps when facing Black enemies with lots of knockbacks."
"The 4th Angel's role as an anti-Black is almost completely replaceable by non-Uber options. Bombercat does a better job of stalling frontline Blacks, while Pizza deals much more damage, both with the main attack and with waves. Knockback also isn't a desirable ability against Black enemies, since most of them are easily knocked back anyway. Its crowd-controlling power isn't foolproof, either; Director Kurosawah outranges it and usually won't be harmed by the mini-waves, and Tackey outright counters it by sniping it from an even greater range. Outside of Black enemies, the 4th Angel isn't even worth thinking about, having below-average HP, pathetic damage, range only moderately higher than most Uber Backliners, and a mini-wave that's both too weak and too unreliable to amount to anything."
"Overall, the 4th Angel is a terrible pull from the event. Its anti-Black uses are greatly overshadowed by non-Uber units, and are nothing special even on their own merits. It thus fails to do much against any relevant Black enemies, and is also completely unusable as a generalist due to its weak stats."
