Frosty Kai,4,Ubers and Legends
"Frosty Kai is a bad Tanker, whose main ability is Resistance against Alien and Angel enemies. She has 88.4k base HP with 2 KBs and costs 3990. She has 8100 DPS, 175 range, and a 71.2 seconds Cooldown."
"Frosty Kai’s main strength is her high effective 442k HP against Angels, with full relevant treasures. This allows her to tank heavy hitting melee enemies like Boraphim and Angelic Gory and stop their advance for a good amount of time, while also dealing fairly respectable DPS, not unlike a bigger but not spammable Ramen Cat. Her lack of status immunities gives her fewer useful Alien matchups but some still exist; Elder Sloth, despite his KB attack, has a long attack cycle and cannot exploit it to gain distance against Frosty Kai, and she can also handle Ursamajor well, even after his Strengthen."
"Frosty Kai has 3 main weaknesses. The first is her lack of immunities, especially Warp Immunity, which instantly cuts her usage in half as an anti-Alien Tanker. She gets bullied extremely hard by Starred Aliens such as Star Peng, Ribbo, even Shibalien Elites due to this lack of Warp Immunity. Normal Aliens are known for having other status effects, leaving Frosty Kai unable to handle enemies like Calamary, LeMurr, Maawth, or Nimoy Bore effectively as a result. Status-inflicting Angels like Sleipnir and Winged Pigge similarly give her a hard time. Her second weakness is that she gets outclassed by Ramen Cat and Catellite whose spammability and access to immunities pretty much obsolete her. Her third and final weakness is that she has low base stats and barely works, if at all, on mixed stages or in general use outside of her traits as a Tanker; her base HP being far from satisfactory. Especially in late game, pure trait stages are rare, and a stray other Traited enemy or Curse can quickly bring an end to her."
"Frosty Kai isn't worth the 3990 cost. She lacks the stats to tank general enemies, and Resistance would usually fix that against her traits, but Aliens and Angels are littered with status enemies that she cannot handle, leaving few good matchups, especially amongst Aliens. Even in her best use cases, she easily gets replaced by Rare meatshields. She is barely valuable to own for the occasional heavy-pushing pure Angel stage where an extra line of defense supporting your Ramens can buy you the time you need, but little else."
