Akuma,4,Ubers and Legends
"Akuma is a decent Backliner with Insane Damage to Traitless enemies. His base stats include 34k HP with 3 KBs, 5200 base DPS at 450 range, 20 Speed, Freeze Immunity and 4500 cost with a 2 minute Cooldown. His attack is split into three equal multi-hits, 4 frames apart from one another."
"With 25k effective DPS to Traitless, Akuma can swiftly decimate such enemies with force second only to Epicfest exclusives. His fast attack rate and foreswing let him hit his mark more often than not, and his high speed is useful for quickly throwing him into action. Freeze Immunity on top of this makes him the premier anti-Henry unit. His base DPS is dead-average for his range, and works well enough as a more mobile alternative to Crazed Bahamut in early-mid game general use."
"If Akuma's description ended there we would have ourselves an incredible unit, but he is not as good as he looks on paper. First of all, his multi-hit is poorly conditioned to fight low endurance Traitless enemies like H Nah and especially Rain D, who often are knocked back by the first of three strikes and thus only receive 1/3 of his DPS (~8000) which is a lot less impressive. To a lesser extent this impedes his use against the likes of R. Ost too, though at late game magnification they become tanky enough to take the full brunt of his attacks. Other than that, his survivability is abysmal, with a tiny HP pool, suicidal speed and no defensive abilities whatsoever. His lifetime is often short, and he is crippled almost instantly by wave, LD or surge attackers, which are unfortunately prominent amongst Traitless enemies, especially bosses."
"Akuma has a marvellous ability with a build that causes him to fall short of being great as a whole. When you can keep him alive, he melts through tankier Traitless enemies in record time, but his multi-hit cuts his effectiveness down to as little as a third in his worst use cases. You can use him against Traited too, but probably won't unless you're desperate. A good enough glass cannon / bootleg Epicfest exclusive to nuke Traitless for those lucky enough to have him, but far from their level of dominance in general use."
