Santa Kuu,4,Ubers and Legends
"Santa Kuu is a terrible Backliner with 400 range, 56k base HP with 5 KBs, 4300 base DPS with a 17s attack cycle and 2s foreswing, 71k Damage, and a cost of 4200. Her core ability is Strong against Aliens and Angels."
"Her HP and DPS increase to an effective 140k and 7700 respectively when facing Aliens/Angels with full treasures, which are substantial for her role. Her bulk against her traits can be helpful when sending her against enemy super backliners such as Sunfish/Spacefish Jones or Calamary, as she can tank them for long enough to approach and hopefully attack them. Her high damage per hit means that if she can land a hit, it will certainly hurt, even in general use. Against her traits this increases to 129k effective Damage per hit, which is great for nuking bulky enemies like Bore variants and Cyberhorn, and midrange enemies like Sleipnir or Winged Pigge. Her high KB count gives her some decent survivability, and her high HP lets her use most of them, most of the time."
"Santa Kuu's immensely long attack cycle and painful foreswing mean she is easily interrupted, either via damage knockbacks, or Aliens with Warp/KB. Further exacerbating her horrendous attack rate is the fact that one of her target traits is Angel, a trait filled with enemies with high KB counts such as Angelic Gory or Gabriel, where one missed attack from Santa Kuu is potentially a death sentence as she will be useless for the next 17s. Her base DPS is also awful by Backliner standards, and 400 range isn't even enough to outrange LeBoin variants, so her general use is nearly non-existent. Santa Kuu's speed also outpaces normal Eraser which can cause her to take unnecessary damage at times, dragging down her survivability."
"As a generalist, Santa Kuu is essentially a worse Crazed Bahamut and there is no reason to use her aside from the very early game where you may not have other Backliners or even pre-TF Ururun. Even against her target traits, there are better options to consider in almost all cases, with her only possible use cases being against high-range Aliens and Angels that Rare/Super Rare alternatives cannot reach."
