Mighty Thermae D-Lux,4,Ubers and Legends
"Mighty Thermae D-Lux is a powerful backline attacker and anti-Zombie CC unit. its base stats include 85k base HP / 5 KBs, 6000 base DPS at 425 range, 4 Speed and a 3 minute CD. He is Strong against Zombies, has Z-Killer, has a 3 hit multi-hit which procs a 1s Freeze on each hit (1.2s per hit with full treasures) and Omnistrike reaching from -675 to 425 range. its Evolved Form has only slightly less DPS, and can function identically to the True Form. However, True Form grants access to talents which include a 50% Strengthen at 50% HP, Curse Immunity and Soulstrike."
"Thermae's has the perfect counter build for almost all Zombies. its Strong-enhanced stats against them (11k effective DPS, >200k effective HP with CotC treasure), and ability to outrange and Z-Kill almost all recurring threats already make him a formidable anti-Zombie. However, if this brute force is sometimes not enough then on top of this its staggered three-hit Freeze CC is extremely effective at giving them no chance to fight back. Additionally, its slow speed allows him to stay behind the frontline, defending your backliners and base from unburrowing or reviving Zombies, and its huge negative Omni reach means few Zombies can escape its wrath. All of this together makes Thermae one of the single most dominant anti-Zombies in the game, able to trivialise almost the entire trait. Unlike other hyper-specialists, its general stats are not at all bad either, especially with its Strengthen talent letting him put out over 9000 base DPS (16k vs Zombies) while still having plenty of life left due to its nice HP and KB count. Lastly, Soulstrike can also enhance its utility as a base protector by letting him clear Zombie corpses while other units continue to advance.                "
"While Thermae effortlessly defeats most Zombies, he has no answer to Zamelle, who can outrange and juggle him. A big weakness, affecting its prowess both as an anti-Zombie and a generalist, is its long cooldown, leaving you defenseless for nearly 3 minutes if Thermae falls early in battle. While its speed is good for Zombie stages, in general use it makes him lag behind other units, and its 425 range is similarly more than sufficient for Zombies, but a little below par for a Backliner in general use."
"Thermae is a broken anti-Zombie; its mixture of high effective stats, plentiful negative reach, defense-oriented low speed and powerful Freeze ability lets him one-sidedly destroy most Zombies. its general use is also respectable, outperforming non-Uber options as a backline attacker throughout early-mid game, and with its Strengthen talent remaining capable into the late game even."
