Mighty Kristul Muu,4,Ubers and Legends
"Mighty Kristul Muu is an excellent midrange anti-Zombie Legend Rare, being one of the best anti-Zombies out there, standing at 400 range with base stats of 6400 DPS and 153k HP with 1 KB. It has Insane Damage and Resistance against Zombies and as standard for an anti-Zombie Uber, Z-Killer. He’s also a Wave Blocker. it also has 1 Speed, 175s Cooldown and Omnistrike, extending from -450 to 400."
"Muu's base HP and DPS are both on the high end of Ubers. Its base HP is comparable to that of some Tankers, while its DPS is comparable to that of your average Backliner generalists. This is coupled with Muu's abilities of Insane Damage and Resistant against Zombies, making it an exceptionally strong anti-Zombie unit with an effective HP of 765k and effective DPS of 38k with full Zombie fruits. its foreswing is relatively short, able to get all but the fastest of Zombies before they burrow. Even if they burrow however, Muu also has Omnistrike which can snipe Zombie peons when they come up from burrowing, given a stepping stone. It also has the bonus of being a ranged Wave Blocker, but given Muu's speed keeps it behind your units usually, this requires you to lure enemies and play defensively."
"The most obvious of Muu's weaknesses is its incredibly slow speed, being the slowest of any unit in the game. While this is beneficial against its niche vs Zombies as staying close to your base and getting Zombies as they unburrow is ideal, it is far less ideal in general usage as it will take ages to get to your frontline, if it even gets there at all. The speed also means you have to take in account boss spawn shockwaves, else you will end up with Muu stuck behind your base. It also has 1 KB, dragging down survivability, but this is generally not an issue as Muu rarely gets anywhere fast enough to need repositioning."
"Mighty Kristul Muu can shut down any Zombie stage, regardless of how strong the Zombies are. It's so strong in fact, you can actually brute force stages you're supposed to cheese using it. Outside of Zombies however, it is rarely used, as while the stats are not bad, there are equally good replacement units that do not have 1 Speed. The Wave Blocker ability can be used on specific stages that can be made easier with a ranged Wave Blocker."
