Wolfchild Deale,4,Ubers and Legends
"Wolfchild Deale is a decent anti-Alien/Angel Crowd Control unit with a 40% proc chance of Knockback on each of her 3 multi-hit attacks against her targeted traits with a 4 second attack cycle. She doubles as a good backline attacker with 7400 DPS at 415 range and 42.5k HP with 5 KBs. She also has a cooldown of 118s. Before True Form her longer attack cycle cuts her DPS down to a poor level, and is hence not recommended to use."
"Deale's greatest strength is her excellent general DPS for her role, considerably more than Ururun/Bahamut and average Uber alternatives. She also easily outranges many of the hardest pushing Alien and Angel enemies such as Nimoy Bore and Boraphim, and controls them well with her rapid attack rate yielding one knockback every few seconds on average. She also has a solid matchup against higher ranged threats such as Angelic Sleipnir which typical Rare alternatives cannot handle. Her CC ability is never overwhelmingly effective, but often provides enough support to give you an edge over a difficult stage. Deale additionally has a unique Strengthen Up (M) combo."
"Deale has two large weaknesses. Her first weakness is the disadvantages that come with multi-hit; she suffers from low damage per hit and more frequent misses due to damage knockbacks before her attack cycle completes. This detracts from her otherwise impressive DPS. Her other less obvious weakness is that, oftentimes, stages with Angel/Alien enemies that you might like to KB with Deale also have a tanky, long range backline enemy sitting behind them. In such situations, Deale's KB proccing too often can lead to your units walking into the range of that backliner and being wiped out, or known as “Mizli Syndrome”. Examples of this include Heavenly Creatures, Close Encounters, Narrow Docks, Electrosafari, Haunted Genome, A Moment Of Serenity, and many earlier stages in SoL. Her standing range is also on the low-end for a backliner, which can give enemies an easier time reaching her between attacks than some competitors."
"Deale brings a good amount to the table, but not more than countless other anti-Aliens/Angels or other backline attackers. If she is one of few Ubers you own, you will find value in her as a generalist attacker and as a situational Support unit, but later on she will likely be replaced and at most used as an occasional combo slave."
