Iz the Dancer,4,Ubers and Legends
"Iz the Dancer is an excellent Midranger. Unlike other Uberfest exclusives, Iz's First Form is just a weaker version of the Evolved Form instead of a spammable small form. The Evolved Form has 60k HP with 2 KBs and 3501 DPS with an equally spaced three-part multihit. She stands at 300 range with Omnistrike from 350 to -350, has 20 speed, 3150 cost and a 45 second cooldown. She has Massive Damage towards all Traited enemies, 100% Strengthen at 50% HP, and Immunities to Wave, Slow, Freeze, Knockback, and Weaken."
"Iz has an impressive 10.5k DPS (14k with treasures) vs Traited enemies, which gets further boosted to 21k DPS (28k with treasures) while her Strengthen is active. This is considerably more than most specialists and allows Iz to dominate every Traited enemy she outranges, especially tanky ones which receive the full force of her multihit without being knocked back. Her 50 piercing range improves accuracy and further helps demolish layered frontline enemies. Appropriate for a midranger, she also has decent bulk (30k endurance) and speed to often enable her to get close and land a few hits even when outranged. What truly makes Iz shine though is her insanely low cooldown, even by midranger standards. This lends her well to disposable suicide rusher-like use, or alternatively stacking her for maximum destruction. With boost, Iz can reach over 40k DPS and nearly 100k HP to keep up with stronger late-game enemies."
"As powerful as Iz can be, she has somewhat major drawbacks that keep her from dominating the entire game. Firstly is her multihit; while it may be good for juggling enemies, this can severely cut her damage output if her target gets knocked back mid-Multihit. Combined with the fact that her unstrengthened DPS is lower than the average specialist midranger, this can make her feel underwhelming while she's at full health. However, her biggest downfall is her standing range. While she can of course not handle enemy backliners which don't let her rush in like Professor A, even certain Midrangers like Owlbrow and M. Ost fall outside her reach and make for uncomfortable or even completely unviable matchups. All of these weaknesses are accomodated well by her disposable cooldown through mid-game as you can afford for her to rush in, land a few big hits and die, but in late game where almost every major Relic enemy can outrange her and Curse away her Massive Damage before she can do much, she starts to encounter more situations where she is not effective."
"Iz is a disposable glass cannon. Her peak damage output is among the best in the game, shredding through bulky melee enemies and posing a major threat to anything else that she can suicide rush with her rapid cooldown. Relics pose the largest problem for Iz as she lacks Curse Immunity and has insufficient range to avoid getting cursed in many Relic stages in the late game, though with appropriate boost to keep her bulk and DPS competitive, she continues to dominate most Relic-free Traited stages all the way until end game."
