The Grateful Crane,4,Ubers and Legends
"The True Form of The Grateful Crane (Ultima Galaxy Cosmo) is a decent Super Backliner with good anti-Floating and anti-Angel CC. Cosmo has 850 range, 54 Speed, 2800 DPS, 27k HP with 4 KBs, 21s attack frequency, 11s foreswing and additional abilities of 100% chance to KB and Freeze (6s) against Angel and Floating. Cosmo has 131s CD. The Evolved Form has no Freeze and worse stats across the board, but can function as a Super Backliner if desperate, while the First Form is essentially useless due to poor stats and pitiful range."
"Cosmo's main strength is his incredible 850 range, being able to outrange nearly every single enemy in the game, with the exception of a few enemy super-backliners. Cosmo’s rather low DPS, while not amazing for general use, can be very useful chip damage for long-ranged enemies you struggle to otherwise hit, like Camelle or Perfect Cyclone. Cosmo also packs a useful anti-Angel/Floating CC, with both KB and a long Freeze, allowing him to gain ground for the rest of your army, and help them keep it, suppressing heavy pushers such as Winged Pigge. "
"The most prominent problem of Cosmo is his very long TBA and foreswing. This can cause either Cosmo to miss which can be fatal with his long TBA, or be interrupted, and with his low HP, Cosmo can easily be killed once he is reached, meaning good support is required to use Cosmo effectively. This combined with his below-average DPS, means his general use is rather poor. Another problem is Cosmo's immense speed, which can cause Cosmo to run carelessly into the range of enemies or hit the enemy base prematurely. Particularly against Sunfish Jones, his speed may cause him to move farther than his standing range. It should also be noted that Cosmo's unusually high TF cost of 30 Yellow and 10 Epic Catfruits can make him less worth investing in than other units."
"Overall Ultima Galaxy Cosmo is a situational Uber, with a large array of weaknesses like his foreswing and speed. But with a uniquely large range, he can at least somewhat work as a Super-Backliner as well as a decent support unit with his CC abilities."
