Detective Vigler,4,Ubers and Legends
"Detective Vigler is a Midranger and CC Support unit with 3200 base DPS and 30.6k base Damage at 360 range, 47.6k base HP with 6 KBs and a 100% chance to create Level 3 Waves, and a 98s CD. His First/Evolved Forms both have a 50% chance to Freeze Aliens+Floating/Aliens+Zombies for 5s, while his True Form has 100% Freeze and is Strong against only Zombies. Forms that target Zombies have Z-Kill. With talents, he also targets Relics. The TF is basically required for him to be useful outside of his excellent Research Up M two-slot combo."
"For the first 2 forms, the good point about him is that you can use his excellent two-slot Research Up M combo, Cheating Heart, along with Madame Sumo. It is better than Biohazard + Bony Bone as it takes up 1 less slot for the same effect.  For the True Form, besides his combo, his good effective stats (119k/95k effective HP and 55k/46k effective Damage per hit vs Zombie/Relic respectively) combined with his waves give him an effective 11.3k/9.5k DPS vs Zombie/Relic should both the initial hit and wave connect. This, along with a good CC ability, allows him to be a respectable anti-Zombie/Relic. His Strong ability means his wave can now clear Zombie peons with a decent 373 effective piercing range and his guaranteed Freeze with a decent 51 to 62% uptime means he controls bigger Zombie threats better than previous forms. Against Relic, he can tank a few hits from backliners such as Othom and Dogumaru while having enough range to challenge and effectively control the hardest pushing Relics in the game like M. Ost and Relic Bun Bun. His freeze can also be used to open up opportunities for rushes using units like Awakened Bahamut and Idi on longer range Relics like Dogumaru. He has a high KB count, which can be good especially for Zombies, and his CD is also not bad for his role."
"Vigler's First and Evolved forms are just bad in that they have too few significant strengths for the weaknesses to even matter. For the TF, however, despite vast improvements, various issues do hold him back. A long foreswing (3.3s) and awkward range can prevent him from landing hits, for example, when he gets ambushed by resurfacing Zombies, or misses due to enemies in his range getting knocked back, or gets sniped by long range Relics like Othom and Loris. This can be somewhat mitigated by his decent bulkiness against Zombies/Relics allowing him to tank some peons of Relic Backliners, and adjusting your playstyle to better suit him, but still remains quite a big weakness. His DPS outside of Zombies/Relics is also too low, as it gets outclassed by Manic Macho Legs (accounting for the CD) rendering him useless as a generalist."
"Vigler has a decent place in the meta, in both his anti-Zombie/Relic capabilities in TF (though talented Housewife and Uril put a dent in the uniqueness of his role) as well as his combo, which is extremely good over the entire game, especially in 4 star restrictions. However, he is limited by very underwhelming stats for a waver and Midranger outside of these niches. Despite his very big flaws, he's quite valuable to have."
