Catman,4,Ubers and Legends
"Catman is a Backliner with 440 range and 67.1k HP with 5 KBs. He deals 42.5k base Damage per attack, every 9.3 seconds, which amounts to roughly 4600 base DPS. As with some other Dark Heroes, Catman has a main trait and a trait that changes between forms. His main trait is Alien, and his side traits are Floating in First Form, Angel in Evolved, and Relic in True. He has Massive Damage against whichever traits he’s targeting as his core ability. His cooldown is 148s, with 5520 cost."
"His strengths are good survivability owing to his large HP and KB count, decent DPS for his range (effective 18k DPS vs target traits), and of course, his traits. He outranges every single common Floating enemy, some painful Angels like Sleipnir, Chickful A, and Winged Pigge. For anti-Alien, Catman outranges everything except some backliners like Alpacky and Overseer Nyandam, and as a result, performs excellently against the typing. As an anti-Relic in True Form, he has the rather rare position of a Relic Nuker without needing to invest NP, and can help bolster your DPS in many situations, countering M. Ost especially well. As well as all of these trait specialties, he’s also just a solid generalist with a lot of HP and otherwise average, serviceable stats for the mid game."
"Catman does have some flaws, the first being his high cost which makes it harder to put him out early. This can be his death sentence in stages with intense startoffs. The second weakness being his attack rate, which is somewhat slow and can be unfavorable in some stages, as it gives a lot of time for enemies to push to him. Lastly, his anti-Relic use is rather lackluster, as the only enemies that Slapsticks can’t already handle are those like Othom, Lowkey, and Loris, who can snipe/reach Catman anyway. This is made even worse by his expensive TF cost, which includes 2 Elder Catfruits."
"In general Catman is a very solid Uber with high DPS and survivability, basically a better Crazed Bahamut. His weaknesses aren't as prominent compared to other Ubers. His bane however is his replaceability. His DPS against Floating can be matched by a stack of Cameraman, and against Relic by Slapsticks. His anti-Angel and anti-Alien aren't comparable with SRs or Rares. Despite all that Catman is still a very strong Backliner and his generalist usage is good too."
