Lasvoss,4,Ubers and Legends
"Lasvoss Reborn is a situationally fantastic midrange Nuker with 153k Damage, 30% chance of Savage Blows, and 50% Strengthen at 30% HP. He has 68k HP, 320 range, 2 KBs, and a 100% chance to survive a lethal strike. His cooldown is also relatively short at 71.2s, but his cost is high at 5400. Since he is a Nuker, he has a slow attack frequency of 16.7s (putting him at ~9200 base DPS) and a 2.6s foreswing. Lasvoss also has every status immunity. His Evolved Form is considerably worse, with inferior damage, HP and abilities, making it very situational, but True Form requires Elder Fruit, Epic Seeds and Gold Fruit and is hence only available very late."
"Lasvoss's strength lies in the fact that he is an incredibly min-maxed unit. With the ability to potentially deal over a million damage in one hit when strengthened at level 50 with Savage Blow, Lasvoss can make quick work of even the toughest of bosses; and his HP boost in True Form grants him the endurance he needs to land a hit on them. He's also useful for his many immunities, granting him usage in, for example, Henry stages. He also has a very versatile Research Up L combo (Bad Guys) with Killer Cat and Li'l Nyandam. This combo is remarkable in itself, and furthermore strengthens his synergy with Stone Cat, who can help him land hits more easily."
"Lasvoss's True Form is what makes him good and it is only accessible in the late game at an immense cost. Before that, his low bulk, mediocre DPS and late Strengthen all make him unreliable. You can still find uses for him on wave stages, Midranger stages, or against certain bosses like Puffsley; but his scope is very limited. While his True Form fixes his lacking stats, Lasvoss is still a very high-risk high-reward Uber. His attacks, lacking any form of piercing range, can be easily soaked up by a stray peon that steps even slightly in front of the intended target. If this happens, he will be unproductive for the next 16.7 seconds, enough time for your run to fall apart. Reliance on RNG to land Savage Blow also adds to this inconsistency especially at lower levels. Additionally, while Lasvoss has high HP for his role, he can still get KB'd very easily by high damage enemies like Owlbrows, and only having a very mild range advantage against some midrange enemies like R. Osts pairs badly with his long foreswing, giving the enemy pushers plenty of time to cross that range gap and take him down before he can strike. Lastly, although his cooldown should make him a very expendable unit, Lasvoss is set back by a substantial deploy cost, further forcing the player to think well when (or if!) it is best to spawn him."
"Lasvoss shines best in some stages where conventional Backliners fail, and you need raw damage output to push through. At other places he fails completely because of heavy peon spam or high DPS enemies. This puts him at a well-defined place in the meta, as a very unique unit who abandons all unnecessary things to instead focus on dealing potentially ridiculous damage. He is held back by his expensive True Form, without which he is mediocre even in ideal setups due to his weaknesses largely outshining his strengths. In True Form, though, the extra damage and health are enough to overcome his drawbacks and make him truly formidable in the right situation. It is recommended to highly invest in this unit (boost to level 40/50) after unlocking True Form to make the high cost worth it, and increase his damage output to unparalleled levels."
