Dark Mitama,4,Ubers and Legends
"Dark Mitama is an extremely powerful anti-Traitless midrange CC / Support unit, whose core ability is to Slow and Weaken (50% power) Traitless enemies for 3.33 seconds. Defensively, she features 44.6k base HP, 6 Speed, and an astonishing 15 KBs to reposition herself on the field, as well as Resistance against Traitless. She also has immunities to Slow, Freeze, Weaken and Knockback and the trademark Wave Immunity of all Fest Ubers. Offensively, she can act as a Sniper that stands at 375 range, with LD that hits from 250 to 650 and DPS of 5400. Lastly, her cost is 5250, with a bit more than 2.5 minutes of recharge time."
"Dark Mitama's main strengths are her powerful anti-Traitless abilities. With around 66% Slow and Weaken uptime, she is able to nullify or greatly reduce any Traitless enemy's pushing power. Another one of her strengths is her very high 178.5k effective HP, which is further doubled to 357k once her Weaken is factored. This lets her actually utilize most of her incredibly high KB count in her niche, granting her incredible survivability against Traitless. As her attack cycle is mostly backswing, she counterattacks on each of these KBs, instantly punishing the enemy that hit her. This also ensures she does not advance until she is ready to attack, increasing her already great survivability further. Her great stats in general let her counter a wide spectrum of enemies, especially annoying Traitless threats like R. Ost, Rain D, Kappy and Dolphina. Additionally, compared to other LD Snipers, her DPS is high and is paired with a quite large 275 piercing range, letting her reach backliners such as THE SLOTH, Camelle, and Master A. Her immunities extend her uses further, hard-countering Traitless wave attackers like Kory, Dober and Hermit, and CC enemies like Henry and Croakley."
"When it comes to her flaws, the main ones are her below average standing range and slow speed. Despite her good offensive stats as a general LD unit, her base HP is low for a unit of her range class. Her speed, long backswing and high number of KBs, while very helpful for keeping her away from harm, reduce her offensive capability as it is hard for her to invade the blindspots of LD enemies as a Midranger. This often can be remediated by employing slower meatshields and support units, but she can still struggle on stages that feature both LD and Omnistrike enemies, such as Curry Comet. Lastly, as her cooldown is longer than average and her cost is somewhat expensive, you normally won't have multiple of her on the field."
"Overall, Dark Mitama is a very valuable anti-Traitless unit with broken crowd control capabilities against them, being able to single handedly dominate any Traitless-heavy stage and counter almost all enemy types including CC and wave threats. As a midrange LD unit for general use her health is low, but when properly protected you can utilize her impressive DPS and piercing power to great effect. In conclusion, Dark Mitama is a very good unit which can work in multiple situations and features a niche that is difficult to replace."
