Yamii,4,Ubers and Legends
"Yamii is a bad spammable anti-Alien/Aku CC unit in First Form, and a poor anti-Alien/Aku debuffer/Tanker in Evolved Form. In First Form, Yamii has a 30% chance to weaken Alien and Aku enemies to 50% attack for 2s with each of his three multihit attacks in a 6.6s attack cycle. This is backed up by 21k HP and 2 KBs, 900 DPS at 150 range, 15s recharge, and 990 cost. In Evolved Form, Yaminoir has a longer 98s cooldown in exchange for higher stats; 52k base HP with 2 KBs, 3800 DPS at 340 range, 10 Speed and 2850 cost. Yaminoir also improves his Weaken ability to be guaranteed and last 3s on each hit, and like all other Pixies, he also gains Resistance to Aliens as well as a guaranteed Barrier Break in Evolved Form. Both forms have Warp Immunity."
"Yamii's very low cooldown aids in stacking large numbers of him on the field to provide a constant stream of Weaken procs. In Evolved Form, Yaminoir has 250k effective HP against Aliens (with COTC treasure) and 200k against Akus. His multihit enhances his Weaken uptime to 66% (80% vs Aliens with treasure), further enhancing his durability. His quick multihit attacks with guaranteed barrier break also quickly remove Star Alien barriers. He can weaken hard-pushing crowds of Aku Gories and hard-hitting Condemned Pengs as one of few available options to tighten up your defenses against them."
"Yamii has very low range, a mere 150, outranging only three Aku enemies (Doge, Snache, Cerberus Kids) and four regular Aliens (Shibalien, Kroxo, Nimoy, Cyberhorn), all of which except perhaps Nimoy and Cyberhorn are even meaningful to weaken, greatly limiting the number of situations where you would use this form. In his few use cases, Rare and Super Rare Alien CC options are always preferable. Yaminoir obtains a more respectable range but suffers from very low base stats and speed for a midrange tank, even in his target traits, failing to work as a tank and not really having meaningful DPS even then. As a Barrier Breaker he offers little that Kitty of Liberty does not. His mediocre weaken uptime makes his CC unimpressive at best, again failing to justify using over Rare/Super Rare control units for Aliens, and does not work at all against Shielded Akus. This, combined with his range, means his only relevant targets in that trait are Aku Gory and Condemned Peng, with no answer to the harder to handle Akus. Even then, the Level Seal effect in Aku Realms means your units are often too low levelled to even meaningfully endure weakened hits from these enemies."
"In conclusion, Yamii's low quality ability and stats in both forms render him next to useless in all specialist and generalist domains. In the few cases he is viable against Aliens, non-Uber options do the job better. He can nominally counter unshielded Akus but this is of limited effectiveness. Overall, certainly the worst pixie and desperately in need of a true form."
