Dom Cat,2,CF-Purchasable Specials
"Dom Cat (Executioner) is a poor Melee attacker with 1500 Single Target DPS, 11.9k HP with 1 KB, 210 range, 1440 cost, 5.87s Cooldown, and Strong against Red. Dom Cat has little to no usage due to being outclassed by other early game units such as Island Cat and Swordsman Cat. In True Form, Dark Lazer now deals 2200 Damage every 0.4s, or 5600 DPS. Lazer's selling point is its high anti-Red stats, with 23.8k to 29.8k HP and 8400 to 10.1k DPS, depending on treasures. This comes in handy when taking damage is unavoidable, such as against Red backliners and wavers. However, Manic Island Cat and Octopus Cat outclass it in these niches, leaving only Berserkory in 4 Crown Restrictions as a relevant use case. It is held back from any other uses by its low range, excessive cost, and a very low damage per hit causing it to repeatedly reposition low-endurance enemies without killing them and making your other attackers miss. Lazer also targets Black in True Form, but due to these problems, it is far less effective against them than Reds, and not recommended for use over the alternatives."
"With talents, Dark Lazer gains the usual 80% stat boosts, Cost Down, Weaken Immune, and Wave Attacks. Lazer's attack talent gives it an impressive-looking 10.1k DPS (18.2k effective) on paper, but the issue with juggling low-endurance enemies remains, and means it only reaches this figure against tanky enemies such as Bore. Options to counter such enemies are in no short supply, except perhaps in Wrath of Carnage, where Lazer’s Weaken Immune talent is also useful to counter Hannya. Lazer's HP talent gives it a lot more bulk, but not enough to overcome the survivability issues of low range and 1 KB, such that even when Lazer’s sheer DPS can be put to good use, it often can’t sustain it for very long before dying. The Cost Down talent can reduce Lazer’s cost to 1140, but this is not enough to fully prevent it from being a cash drain. Finally, Lazer's Wave talent (up to 15% chance) aims to give it a new niche as a Sniper, with 1500 DPS (2700 effective) up to a huge 1333 Range. However, the low proc chance makes the DPS very inconsistent unless Lazer is stacked, which is difficult to achieve due to low survivability and its high direct Melee DPS working against itself by killing stepping stones. Overall, despite appearing very powerful at first glance, talented Lazer’s wide range of issues prevents it from achieving its potential as either a Melee attacker or a Wave Sniper."
Useful to Own By: 
4 Crown SoL
Useful to Unlock Talents By: 
Wrath of Carnage
