HI-DO,4,Ubers and Legends
"HI-DO is a poor backline CC Uber with 72.3k base HP with 4 KBs, 5200 base DPS from a 5.7s attack frequency, standing at 420 range, at a cost of 5775, and moving with 14 Speed. He also has Strong against Floating enemies with a 50% proc chance of Knockback against Floating. His cooldown is 154.53s."
"HI-DO packs decent physical stats against Floating enemies. With 7800 to 9400 effective DPS and 145 to 181k effective HP (depending on ItF fruit treasures), he brings a lot of firepower and bulk to the field. Occasional Knockback procs help him hold his ground against sturdier enemies, and thanks to high effective HP he usually lasts a long time before dying. He also deals enough effective damage (44.4k to 53.3k) to knock back most Floating peons, and outright kill weaker ones like Pigeons or Brollows, in one hit. He has passable generalist stats as well, being a better Crazed Bahamut in most areas, though with a bit less range."
"HI-DO suffers from a plethora of weaknesses. Starting off, his cooldown is very long, and his mediocre physical stats aren't really good enough to justify it or the burdensome cost. Anti-Floating peon control is already covered well by Cameraman and Sanzo, so his abilities are outclassed in that regard and his low-end range for a Backliner and lack of LD means that he can't work that well against Floating backliners either. There's just very few places where he makes any significant difference, even his generalist usage is replaceable by most Uber Backliners and by late-game, Awakened Ururun. It should be noted that his attack frequency is a long time to wait between KB procs, even when they work, so his CC is not that effective in the few situations where you would want KB vs Floating."
"HI-DO is, in short, a failed Dragon Emperor, bearing many of their weaknesses, but none of their strengths. His stats do not justify his cost or cooldown, he is lackluster against Floating enemies, and his generalist usage is barely passable and is eventually outclassed by more accessible options like Awakened Ururun."
