Nobiluga,4,Ubers and Legends
"Mystican Pasalan, Nobiluga's True Form, is an overall underwhelming Sniper unit, with 500 standing range and LD spanning from 400 to 1000. Its attack is a staggered multi-hit, split into equal parts for a total of 2900 DPS, along with horrendous trademark Luga survivability, at 31k HP and 1 KB. It has 4 Speed, 2250 cost, and a ~3 minute Cooldown as well as immunities to Slow, Freeze, Weaken, Warp, Knockback, Curse, and most notably, Waves. The only difference between the Evolved Form and the TF is a 50% reduction in cost and a ~40% reduction in cooldown, and like all Lugas, the First Form is useless."
"Mystican Pasalan only has a few things going for it, such as its extremely long piercing range of 500, allowing it to snipe almost all enemies, with a workable amount of DPS for its standing and piercing range stats. It also has a few stages where its Wave Immunity can shine. For example, you can use Mystican on The Bloody Wharf to snipe Sunfish/Spacefish by using Berserkory as a stepping stone, and its high piercing range allows it to cheese stages such as The Red Cat Gambit, but these stages are few and far between. Finally, Mystican has an extremely low cost, making it one of the cheapest conventional Ubers to deploy."
"All of these stats and abilities seem pretty good on paper, until you get to its awful survivability. First off, Mystican has a massive blindspot of 400 and only 100 inner range, allowing enemies to easily slip into the blindspot and kill it. Mystican’s Warp and KB immunities actually harm its survivability, as, along with its mere 1 KB, it now has no way at all to reposition. It can’t tank any hits, either, as its dismal HP means it is doomed the moment an enemy makes contact. Its status immunities are mostly worthless since if Mystican is getting hit by anything, it's going to die soon anyway. Although Wave Immunity is usually good, its usage is severely limited, as most wave enemies like Dober and Kories are melee-range, which once again brings us back to its huge blindspot. Its attack mechanic is also quite gimmicky, with the second hit landing much later than the first. This only makes it so that Mystican's already subpar DPS gets halved when enemies infiltrate into the blindspot between strikes. Like all Lugas, it has a long recharge time. Even though this is a great improvement from its Evolved Form and faster than the average Luga recharge of ~5 minutes, it's still not enough to compensate for its horrible survivability, and its price reduction does not excuse it from being horrible in nearly every other way."
"Overall, Mystican Pasalan is a poor Sniper that suffers from terrible survivability and a huge blindspot. Its many immunities don't really improve its performance and can actually hurt its viability. Although it has a few stages where its large piercing range can shine, they are far too rare to justify its overall poor performance."
