Hades the Punisher,4,Ubers and Legends
"Hades is a melee Tanker with a non-standard 250 range. He has a massive HP pool of 425k HP with 2 KBs and 14.3k Damage spread evenly across a 3 hit multi-attack which amounts to roughly 7000 DPS. He isn't targeted at a particular trait, but instead is a general Tanker with immunities against Warp and Toxic, and in True Form unlocked after UL1, also Knockback and Slow. His talents are some of the most expensive in the game and very poor quality overall. His cooldown is 131.2s."
"His strengths are the massive base HP pool (the highest in the game) and KB Immunity, making him the ultimate general wall to place into the enemy's path. His other immunities also prove situationally helpful, with his Warp Immunity working well against WanWan and other Star Aliens, Toxic Immunity hard-countering a small number of (admittedly not too hard) stages with Gobble or Zollow, and Slow Immunity helping him better approach Professor A and such. His unusually high range for a Tanker (bordering on midranger levels) can mean that melee range enemies have to first get through your meatshields to start damaging him, making him useful as a second line of defense (though also means he cannot effectively keep enemies away from shorter ranged cats)."
"For a tanker, his DPS is below par, so while he can wall enemies he is not doing much else. His rapid attack rate with low damage per hit is also a problem, as compared to other Tankers he needs a lot more time to do the same amount of damage. It also can cause him to make high KB enemies like Brollows or Gabriels rebound and repeatedly attack. His cooldown is also higher than a usual Tanker, around double the ideal value. His KB Immunity is one of his most useful abilities as a Tanker, but is locked behind completing UL 1, after which point his uses fall off as enemies become much more punishing to general tanks."
"As a general tanker with no Resistance against any traits, he has half or less of the HP of a typical specialized Tanker. Combined with twice the cooldown, he is only about 1/4 as useful as a specialist. However, his good range of immunities and the fact that he works on all traits equally give him some use as a general Tanker for things like mixed trait or CC-heavy stages where more specialized alternatives would struggle. In such situations, when the stage design favors him, he can take punishment well. However, he still falls behind in dealing damage back in return even in his best use cases."
