Mousse (Duck),4,Ubers and Legends
"Mousse, in Evolved Form, is an average Super Backliner and Sniper with 550 standing range (450 to 900 LD) and 3200 DPS, 46k HP and 131s Cooldown. His attacks have a 100% chance to inflict Curse on Zombie and Alien enemies for 5 to 6s depending on treasures, and has Z-Killer to prevent Zombies from reviving. First Form, Mousse (Duck), is on the other hand a situational spammable Midranger with a 50% chance to Curse for 3 to 3.6s, 300 standing range (250 to 550 LD), 1700 DPS, 17k HP, and 18s Cooldown. Both forms have 3 KBs."
"Mousse brings a unique set of abilities to the table. Evolved Form stands at a very safe super-backline range of 550, and has a high piercing range (350) compared to other Snipers. While he has a large blindspot to compensate for this, this can be used to his advantage to keep stepping stones alive while sniping. Although 56% (67% with CotC treasures) uptime on Curse is less than ideal, it can still have some impact, disrupting Alien CC backliners like Corporal Weyland or Calamary, and occasionally holding back peons like Star Peng or Mesocosmocyclone that rely on their Warp to push. He has decent survivability thanks to his good range, and an average cooldown to back it up. First Form has a similar build to Medalist Cat with decent stackable LD DPS, and the addition of a 50 to 60% uptime Curse with a 50% proc rate. When stacked, it can be useful to control melee peons with status effects, mostly Warp."
"Mousse shows that just because something is unique doesn't mean that it's good, though. His safe range comes at the price of lackluster DPS and he often feels like he's barely doing anything against bulkier enemies. Curse only turns off abilities, and can't do anything against Aliens or Zombies without a status effect, or stop them attacking and advancing like Slow or Freeze would. Especially as his Curse is not even 100% uptime, it can often be too insignificant to really help you. Such a large 450 blindspot is a detriment to anti-Zombie usage, with most of his targets just burrowing past his attacks, ignoring him or burrowing/reviving into his large blindspot and chipping away at his HP, nullifying his range advantage. Although he's an okay anti-Alien in First Form, his low proc chance/uptime and long cooldown make it hard to build the needed stack to get reliable Curse coverage, and Housewife Cat completely outclasses him as an LD midrange anti-Zombie."
"Mousse is decent as a general Sniper / Super Backliner, a rare category. His range is certainly a huge and unique asset. However, his wide blindspot and low DPS can go against him on many stages, especially by late game. His specialist usage is limited by bad matchups with Zombies, relatively useless Curse control with only a handful of potential targets, and a lackluster First Form which is no better than regular Super Rare LD midrange attackers in most cases."
