Benevolent Souma,4,Ubers and Legends
"Benevolent Souma is a good backline CC Support unit with 440 range, 5400 DPS with an 8.5s attack frequency, 4200 cost and 34k HP with 6 KBs. He also has a 50% activation chance for each of his procs, those being Slow and Weaken against Angel & Alien enemies, both lasting 5 seconds (6 seconds with full treasures). His First Form has the same abilities but inferior stats so we will be only referring to his Evolved Form."
"First of all, Souma possesses two CC abilities; both of which have 69% uptime with full fruit treasures. They synergize well in preventing enemy Angel/Alien enemies from pushing too hard, which is especially important when regarding Angels as they are one of the traits that push the hardest. Souma paired with Ramen essentially trivializes Angels. He is a very reliable proc unit to use when range is needed, such as against Winged Pigge where the combination of Slow + Weaken prevents Winged Pigge from mowing through your Ramens too quickly. As for defense, Souma has a great KB count allowing him to reposition with the slightest touch."
"Souma's biggest flaw is his HP, or lack of. Six knockbacks is great but it is unlikely that he can fully utilize all of them when his base HP is so much lower than average. Besides, having a non-guaranteed proc chance causes enemies to have the chance (25%) to push if both procs fail. As such, he can't recover easily due to his longish attack frequency. Souma's usage as a general Backliner also falls off in late game as non-gacha options such as Awakened Ururun have a superior performance to him."
"All in all he's a good, albeit average Uber to pull that can be quite useful against Angels and Aliens alongside as a general Backliner but not much else. In the case of slowing and weakening Angels, talented Sanzo also occupies a fairly hefty role in that niche meaning Souma has trouble standing out and when he does, it only really comes from facing enemies that outrange Sanzo in the first place. Weaken is an effect that does not provide reliable CC, so while Souma has decent uptime with his Weaken, it takes a backseat in the face of his Slow proc. He'll shine most in early-to-mid game but drops off sharply in late game as his lack of HP holds him back from being chosen over other Ubers that can fulfill his role, or even non gacha options."
