Chun-Li,4,Ubers and Legends
"Chun-Li is a decent Single-Target midrange Rusher with a three stage multi-hit and has a 40% chance to Knockback Black, Alien and Red enemies on each hit, standing at 300 range. She has 25 Speed, 76k HP with 4 KBs, ~20k DPS, and a 1.3 seconds attack frequency with a 0.5s backswing. Her recharge time is 91 seconds, and her cost 3450."
"As a CC unit, Chun-Li's low base KB chance is made up for by her rapid attack rate and multi-hit, leading to an average of about 1 KB proc per second. This allows her to effectively control shorter ranged enemies like Berserkory and One Horn/Bore variants, provided there aren't too many peons getting in the way. Additionally, she can be used to repeatedly interrupt the attack cycle of higher ranged long foreswing enemies such as Nyandam variants, Cli-One and Wanwan. Meanwhile, as an attacker, Chun-Li has decent health to tank a few enemy hits, and her absurdly high DPS enables her to quickly cut through peons, or rapidly cut down the HP of shorter-ranged tanky enemies such as Dober P.D when exposed. Her high speed also allows her to sneak into enemy blindspots and disrupt the enemy frontline with little problem. When paired with her respectable cooldown and cost, you can often replace a dead Chun-Li with a new one easily enough, and apply continuous pressure even on tougher stages."
"Chun-Li's anti-Black/Alien niches aren't really too useful. This is due to most Alien stages featuring backliners that you don't want to push into, and most Black stages having too much spam for a Single-Target unit to handle. Black enemies also usually have low endurance and would be KB'd by her damage alone. Her rapid KB rate also causes your other units to miss, making her hard to fit into a balanced lineup; you often have to build your strategy around her. However, even then, against tankier enemies in her traits her KB proc causes her own effective DPS to be much lower too, as her subsequent hits will miss when the enemies get knocked back. The combination of this, her range and her Single Target means that her immense base DPS can only be achieved in limited situations against bulky frontliners that are not in her target traits, and that are not supported by swarms of peons to soak up her attacks. Lastly, Chun-Li has some survivability issues; her low range, fast speed and low backswing can cause her to sometimes die in situations where her stats should otherwise let her work."
"In conclusion, Chun-Li is quite situational as a huge number of weaknesses either rule her out entirely or make her much less effective on many stages. In the right situations, though, her rapid KB attacks control enemies well, and her DPS is ridiculously high when it connects without disruption."
