Iz the Dancer of Grief,4,Ubers and Legends
"Iz the Lady of Mourning (Dark Iz) is an amazing Midranger with 76.5k HP and 2 KBs as well as Immunity to Waves, Surges and all Status Effects. She deals 4000 DPS from 300 standing range with Omnistrike from 350 to -350, and has an evenly-spaced three part multihit. In addition, Dark Iz comes with Massive Damage to Traitless, +150% Strengthen at 50% HP, Zombie Killer, Barrier Breaker and Shield Pierce, all guaranteed on every hit. She also possesses the Colossus Killer ability, 20 speed, 3150 cost and a 53s Cooldown."
"Dark Iz has a great 12k effective DPS versus Traitless enemies, which is further boosted to an insane 30k post-Strengthen. Outside of Traitless, Dark Iz's 10k strengthened DPS is still deadly, and with a versatile range of supplementary abilities she sees good usability against Zombies and Star Aliens as well as Wave, Surge and CC enemies. Of special note is her guaranteed Shield Pierce which, along with her fast attack rate and high endurance, makes her an incredibly powerful asset against Akus. With 50 piercing range, Dark Iz can hit enemies just behind the frontline even if a peon is knocked back during her animation. Her build is great for her role, with a solid 76.5k HP, decent speed and Immunities letting her get into position before being worn down too much (as well as infiltrate blindspots), and perhaps most importantly, her low price and cooldown mean she can afford to die and come back when inevitably killed in action given the dangers of being a Midranger. As an uber with high reliance on both power and durability, Dark Iz improves rapidly with boost, reaching 6300 base DPS, up to 47k effective DPS, and 121.5k HP at Level 50. Colossus Killer is mostly a bonus, but improves her already great compatibility against Big Peng Z and Archangel Exiel due to her Immunities and Z-Kill."
"Dark Iz's base DPS to Traited enemies leaves much to be desired. While after Strengthen she does hit much harder, this leaves her with an unimpressive 38k HP and 1 KB to work with, and she might not last long enough to make a worthwhile dent in pure Traited stages. Even within her Traitless niche, Dark Iz's multihit can obstruct her from reaching her theoretical DPS against low endurance enemies who are knocked back from the first or second attack. Her range is on the lower side even for a Midranger, which means she inevitably has to burn through her HP and hope to land as many hits as possible before being killed by enemy backliners or even higher-end midrangers when present. Finally, Colossus Killer does not offer enough of a stat boost to make her relevant against Colossus enemies other than ones she counters anyway due to her other abilities."
"Dark Iz's base DPS is underwhelming and stops her from quite being the kind of uber you'd bring to almost any stage, but her incredibly versatile swiss army knife of abilities and immunities nonetheless give her a large number of situations to shine in. Most significantly, her anti-Traitless DPS and rapid fire guaranteed Shield Pierce stand out as incredibly powerful tools with few to no equals throughout the game. On a generic stage with only Traited enemies and no barriers, shields, waves, surges or status effects for her to deal with, though, you can likely find a better unit to bring along. "