Night Oracle Rei,4,Ubers and Legends
"Night Oracle Rei is a good midrange LD Support / CC unit with 25.5k HP and 5 KBs, 3900 base DPS at 350 standing range (LD 250 to 550) and the core ability of slowing Traited enemies for 2 to 2.4s depending on treasures. She additionally has a 30% chance of creating a Level 1 Surge between 250 and 850 range, Surge Immunity and is Resistant to Traited. Finally, she has 5250 cost and a 160 second CD."
"Night Oracle Rei's biggest strength is the ability to Slow Traited enemies, while also being able to resist them. Such an ability set is well suited to be used in basically any Traited-featuring stage and performs at least decently. Surge attacks improve her DPS, sniping ability and slow uptime when they occur and land in the right place. Her survivability is also good, obviously due to her Resistance and high KB count, and also her long backswing and low speed preventing her from rushing into enemy attacks. Her LD DPS is respectable for her effective range as a general Sniper, and is usually achieved in practice thanks to short foreswing and piercing range. Her Surge attacks also boost her effective LD DPS to around 4600 across most of her effective range, and occasionally allows sniping of very far away enemies. Surge Immunity is a rare ability that lets her handle the ever-increasing amount of late game Traited surge-using enemies very well, especially in Aku stages where Death Surges are common."
"One major problem with Night Oracle Rei is her 350 standing range and relatively low 200 piercing range, not quite enough to reliably counter longer-ranged backliners even with a stepping stone. Her low base HP and high KB count can lead to her getting juggled when she is outranged, making her high cost and cooldown not worth it. Her short Slow (40% to 50% uptime) is not enough to be your main CC, but instead overwrites longer duration Slow procs from your other units, meaning she isn't ideal to use in combination with other Slowers either. Her surge has a low chance, and even if it occurs it might not spawn in the ideal location, making her extra DPS and Slow uptime from it unreliable and more of a bonus."
"Night Oracle Rei is regularly compared to Mitama, but falls behind in every way, with a worse proc uptime , range, worse durability and a lack of immunities. Nevertheless, Mitama is a very high standard to compare to and as such Night Oracle Rei, despite these weaknesses, manages to still be an excellent CC unit with wide coverage and plenty of uses, and even her own small niche as a Surge Immune general Sniper. Her own Surge attacks also give her a chance of doing better than expected if you're lucky."
