Blanka,4,Ubers and Legends
"Blanka is a good anti-Alien melee Rusher with 55 Speed and a build similar to Awakened Bahamut, Idi and Sanada Yukimura. His abilities consist of Massive Damage towards Aliens, Barrier Breaker, and an Omnistrike from -100 to 300 (150 piercing). He has 25.5k base Damage per hit (8200 base DPS) with a 5f foreswing, good HP at 41k and a very impressive 8 knockbacks compared to other melee units. His cooldown is 58s."
"Blanka is very good against the majority of Aliens with 102k effective Damage per hit against them (33k effective DPS). Most of his viability comes from ITF, CotC, late SoL, and UL, where Aliens are most prevalent. Outside of Aliens, his speed and good general stats make him a usable general Rusher too. You generally wouldn't use him over Awakened Bahamut, but they can work well together; Blanka can clear a group of peons with his 150 Omni piercing, leaving Bahamut clear to land big damage on the main target. While his Omni piercing range is small, it does improve his accuracy when you want him to directly hit the main target, and also gives him extra range when at the enemy base. Barrier Breaker means Starred Aliens can't stop him, and their Warp even works in his favor as it can let him attack more frequently."
"Blanka's drawbacks come from lackluster damage against non-Aliens as well as semi-awkward range and foreswing. His Rusher role towards non-Aliens is outclassed by Awakened Bahamut due to having less than 30% of the latter's attack and his short range, longer foreswing, and lower speed leads to him getting juggled more easily than Awakened Bahamut and Sanada Yukimura. His range also leads his Omnistrike Sniper role to be extremely limited."
"Blanka performs extremely well as a fast Alien killer. His generalist melee Rusher value is overshadowed, but has uses. His Sniper role has little to no value, but the slight piercing range does help his performance across the board. Overall, he's very good at what he does, but isn't the kind of Uber that is useful everywhere."
