Mighty Bomburr,4,Ubers and Legends
"Mighty Bomburr is an average Backliner with an okay anti-Zombie niche. Bomburr has good survivability with 71k HP and 7 KBs, a safe 450 range, average attack stats with 4900 DPS and 6.3s attack rate, decent 10 Speed, higher cost of around 5000, with a 3 minute Cooldown, much longer than the average CD of Backliners at around 2 minutes. It also has 100% KB VS Zombies and Z-Killer, and gains Soulstrike, Toxic Immunity and a +50% Strengthen that triggers at 43% HP via talents."
"Bomburr's biggest strength is its good stats as a Backliner. In terms of survivability, it is very strong, as its combination of good range, good health and high KB count makes it able to survive for very long in the battlefield, and deal a respectable amount of damage over its lifetime. Its attack stats are quite good as well, mostly due to Strengthen talent boosting its DPS to a very good 7300 DPS with Z-Kill, and its base DPS without is still respectable for early to mid-game. Its AoE KB VS Zombie can be used to control most Zombies decently well, including Cadaver Bear. This is unlike Ectoweight, which having Single Target means it can only reliably control several tanky frontline Zombies. Toxic Immunity can also allow it to work well in most Gobble and Zollow stages, while Soulstrike lets it fulfil a rare but not all that needed niche of anti-Corpse control. "
"The biggest downside of Bomburr is its very long CD, a common problem of most Iron Legions which significantly damages their general viability. You will likely not spawn multiple Bomburrs unless in very long fights, and if you lose it early, it won’t be available again for a long time, which is risky. Most Zombies can also burrow past Bomburr, avoiding its control effects. Cadaver BearCat may patch this weakness somewhat in late game, as it destroys most burrowed Zombie peons quite easily. However, also by late-game, Awakened Ururun outclasses/replaces Bomburr as a generalist Backliner, unless you choose to talent it, an expensive investment for a mediocre improvement."
"Bomburr is a decent unit. As a Backliner it has lots of competition, but it can stand out somewhat even with its 3 minute CD. With that, it is just decent at the job. Its anti-Zombie ability is pretty decent in controlling most Zombies, but it can't do much when Zombies burrow past it. It also will see use in stages with Toxic enemies if you struggle with them, thanks to its talents, if you do decide to sink in the required NP. Overall, although it might seem unremarkable, it is quite a reliable unit that can work decently well generally, as well as in its niches."
