Sakura Matou,4,Ubers and Legends
"Sakura Matou is a great Tanker that resists Black, Alien, and Zombie enemies. She has base stats of 122k HP with 4 KBs, 5100 DPS at 350 standing range, and 8 Speed. She also has a cost of 4200 and a 111s CD. Finally, she has Wave Immunity, and to complement her anti-Zombie niche, she has the Z-Kill ability."
"With full ITF and CoTC fruit treasures, Sakura boasts 612k effective HP against her targeted traits, making her durable enough to wall many such enemies. Her high KB count is unusual for a Tanker, but particularly against high DPS swarms of Black enemies, it synergizes well with her high range, so she shifts gears, escapes danger, and gives up some ground to fight back where other Tankers would just die, helping offset her large cooldown. Her Wave Immunity is also useful, as she can comfortably outrange almost all wave enemies, working especially well against compatible-trait wavers like Two Can or Elizabeth, or against other wavers supported by Black/Alien/Zombie peons. Her base HP is also good enough for some general tanking."
"Despite her strengths, Sakura has a few flaws that hinder her usage. Her DPS is on the lower side for a midrange Tanker, as they tend to have around 6000+ DPS compared to her subpar 5.1k DPS. Her speed is also sometimes a bit slow, making her take more damage than others while getting into position. While her high KB count is good for survivability, it is non-standard for a Tanker as the ground it causes her to lose can hurt her too, not being able to act as a wall that your ranged attackers can hide behind. It also lowers her endurance, making her a worse matchup against LD/high range enemies who she needs to be able to approach in one KB to be able to hit. Tanking Zombies is also a weird niche, as many of them can just burrow past her. Star Aliens can similarly annoy her with Warp as she lacks immunity to it."
"Overall, Sakura Matou is a very versatile Uber that can be used in many stages. Tanking three traits and being Immune to Waves opens up a lot of possibilities. Her weaknesses and non-standard build for a Tanker means her use is sometimes unconventional but can be effective in its own way too, and she performs better in practice than you may guess from just looking at the numbers."
