Cat Clan Heroes,4,Ubers and Legends
"Cat Clan Heroes is a decent midrange LD attacker and Support unit at 350 range (200 to 575 LD range), 2800 DPS with a 2s foreswing, 71k HP with 3 KBs, a small (3%) chance to Critical Hit, 100% chance to proc Weaken against Red/Black/Floating/Relic enemies to 50% for 5 seconds, 3450 cost, and 71s CD. Talents can add a 20% chance to Dodge its traits for 2s, and grant Immunity to Toxic. Before TF, it does not target Relic and has drastically lower HP, and is therefore much less used."
"CQH has a good LD area, with a large inner range of 150 and a decent 225 pierce. The Weaken is consistent, and coupled with LD is able to hit just about everything on the field with a good uptime of 55%. The Weaken proc is especially relevant against Relics, as your alternative of Awakened Mina is far less consistent. It has a large HP pool with a respectable KB count, giving it decent survivability. This along with the short cooldown and low deployment cost mean it can often be stacked, with two or more unsynced CQHs on the field providing effective Weaken support across multiple traits. Full backswing is also a plus, as it allows for instant reset of the attack cycle when KBed, mainly due to M. Ost or Mr. Mole. Its Toxic Immunity Talent is a one-off 100 NP cost, and may be worth it if you lack other Toxic Immune options, especially as CQH's Floating CC synergises well with this against Zollow and Gobble, though the impact of this is ultimately minor due to a lack of relevant stages. Meanwhile, the Dodge Talent proves reasonably effective at improving survivability given CQH's decent effective bulk and four-trait coverage, but is unlikely to be used enough to be worth the cost. "
"Meanwhile, CQH's DPS is very low, even compared to other LD units. His critical hit chance is so low that it is in practice, useless. And while his Weaken proc is good, it is virtually unnecessary for Floating and Black enemies, and is rarely used for Reds. The foreswing may also be considered a bit long. It also is mainly good only in True Form, which requires you to obtain an Elder Seed and an Epic Seed, requiring the completion of SoL49 and UL1 respectively to be able to obtain these materials."
"Cat Clan Heroes is in most cases solely used as an anti-Relic, or as a general LD Uber if you do not have any better options. His usage gets better in late game, namely higher Starred UL, as you will see more and more of a need for something that can slow down enemy pushing power."
