Empress Chronos,4,Ubers and Legends
"Chronos is an excellent CC / Support unit who freezes all Traited enemies with LD multi-hit attacks, with each of her three strikes freezing for 1 second. She has 450 standing range (300 to 700 LD), and deals around 3800 DPS. She has 51k HP and 3 KBs, and a CD of 125s. True Form changes little except unlocking talents, and is only available after completing SoL."
"Her DPS is respectable for an LD Sniper of her range class. These offensive qualities are nonetheless a distant second place to her superb defensive uses, controlling all Traited enemies. Chronos's use of multi-hit to deliver three short-duration Freeze procs instead of a single long Freeze is unique, and gives your meatshields more opportunities to gain and regain ground, which proves to be very effective throughout the game. In addition to this, the uncommon combination of LD and Freeze allows her to control large groups of mixed-trait enemies at once, making her one of the most powerful CC units in the game."
"Chronos has few downsides, and most of them can be worked around or overcome. A major one is the vulnerability to Curse in late game, but this is partly fixed by a 70% Curse Resist (not Immune, unfortunately) talent. Furthermore, the staggered multi-hit Freeze is not all good, as the overall uptime of it is on the low side and does not work as well against strong pushers who you want to completely shut down rather than simply disrupt. The short 1s Freeze duration per hit also discourages the use of other Freeze units as support, as Chronos can overwrite their longer Freeze durations."
"All things considered, Chronos is an extremely versatile Support unit who will find extensive use throughout the game. Targeting all traits with a relevant and unique ability places her among the top generalist Ubers in the game, and one of the most dominant CC units. Her LD range and DPS make her a good enough Sniper, though this isn't her main use. Specialist units vs single traits often outperform her in their domain, but she is still largely respectable vs each individual trait. That being said, vulnerability to burrow-revive disruption from Zombies, Relics not being fully countered even with Curse Resist, and the inability to damage Metals, make her a step worse against these traits compared to the others."
