Keiji Claus,4,Ubers and Legends
"Keiji Claus is a subpar Midranger and usable anti-Red/Aku Tanker and anti-Wave unit with 81.6k HP and 2 KBs, 4400 base DPS at 300 range, 3585 cost and 68s Cooldown. He is also Resistant to Red/Aku and has Wave Immunity. His Strengthen ability activates when below 50% HP and doubles his damage output."
"Keiji Claus has a few strengths to his name. His 8800 DPS after Strengthen triggers is actually rather good, allowing for some decent Midranger use in the second half of his lifespan. He also has the range needed to utilize this against most general  wave enemies, and against Red/Aku wavers like Berserkory, Two-Can, Deathkory, or Medu-san his bulk against them further keeps him safe while ignoring their waves. Meanwhile, Wicked Face outranges him but his sheer bulk gives him some value in this matchup. His Resistance gives him 408k effective HP against Reds with full ItF treasure (326k against Aku), which combined with his fast cooldown lets you usually have one on the field at all times, or possibly even stack them to build DPS, in traited stages."
"Keiji Claus unfortunately also has many weaknesses which drag down his performance in all his roles. His stats are insufficient for general tanking, and as a specialist anti-Red Tanker he is replaceable by Roe who provides similar effective HP with much less cost and cooldown. As for Aku enemies, mere tanking without the ability to take down enemy shields makes his usefulness limited against the majority of potential targets. His base DPS is awful for a Midranger, so he is entirely reliant on his Strengthen to do his job well, or have enough DPS to make a dent in big Shields, at which point he has already sustained signficant damage. "
"Despite his large weaknesses, Keiji Claus still has some niche uses, especially if you lack other anti-Wave units, as he can quickly stack some good DPS in the right situations. Similarly while his Aku niche is lacking the tools needed to make him great, he can certainly put his large effective HP to use in the right situation, especially against Aku+Wave threats. His other niches are less relevant; he is basically obsolete as an anti-Red Tanker and as a general midranger."
