Anubis the Protector,4,Ubers and Legends
"Anubis the Protector (Anubis the Unblemished) is a mediocre Wave Immune Backliner with 54.4k HP and 3 KBs, 5300 DPS at 425 range, Zombie Killer, 18 speed, and Immunity to Waves and Slow. He has an 8.9s attack cycle with a nearly 4s long foreswing, costs 4200 and has a 138s cooldown. In True Form, Almighty Anubis, he becomes a decent Wave Immune and great Surge Immune Backliner, gaining stat increases to 68k HP and 6700 DPS as well as Knockback Immunity. With Talents, he can unlock a 30% chance to create a Level 1 Surge between 200 and 450 range, and become Surge Immune."
"Anubis serves as just a passable Wave Immune uber in First and Evolved forms, being a bit stronger than Awakened Musashi, though this is a low bar. His real strength comes out only in his True Form. Almighty Anubis's raw stats are already a bit above average for a Wave Immune Backliner, and his Surge Attack talent elevates his damage output further to an average 8700 DPS. With his Surge Immune talent he then brings these solid stats into the Surge Immune niche where, thanks to most of the competition being anti-Aku specialists with weak base stats, he is one of the best general options and suitably effective in Death Surge Aku stages. Wave and Surge enemies tend to be rather bulky, making Anubis's large foreswing less of an issue while also ensuring they take the damage of both his initial hit and the Surge afterwards. His Zombie Killer ability may sometimes come in handy for mixed stages with Zombies and Wave/Surge enemies together."
"Pre-TF Anubis is an infamously poor anti-Wave uber, outclassed even by the non-gacha talented Dancer Cat. Anubis's huge foreswing makes him prone to missing attacks against low-endurance enemies who are repositioning regularly, and his long attack cycle means that such a miss gives your enemies a large window of opportunity to counterattack. His uncomfortably high speed for his role also often leads to him zooming past your slower meatshields and exposing himself to danger and dying prematurely. Despite the improvements of his True Form, these problems do not go away and his general use is thus nearly non-existent. At the same time to maximise his specialist uses, a substantial investment of 235 NP is needed to unlock his Surge Attacks. Additionally, Anubis's accuracy issues combined with the 30% proc rate mean that even if you buy his Surge talent, it might not trigger as often as you would like and his real-world DPS might not reach the impressive theoretical values in many situations. Surge Immunity is a further 100 NP and while it does keep Anubis safe from the Surges themselves, it does not stop your meatshields from falling to those Surges and exposing Anubis to direct attacks. It is only with the support of specialized defenders like talented Gato Amigo, Stone Cat, or for Akus/Red EnerG talented Bellydancer, that Anubis can fulfill his potential in the Surge Immune niche."
"While for the first parts of the game Anubis is a poor anti-Wave option with severe weaknesses, his True Form and Talents give him a new life in the late-to-end game. His weaknesses and survivability issues do not go away, but his Surge Attack provides him with considerably above average firepower for a backline anti-Wave unit, and his Surge Immune talent gives him a rare niche to thrive in. Due to these enhancements, he now at least provides something to help offset his infamous weaknesses. While his reputation is certainly not entirely unfair, a well-built Anubis will perform better than you might expect in the late game, albeit at a hefty NP cost."
