Ice Cat,4,Ubers and Legends
"Ice Cat is a ranged anti-Red Crowd Control unit with an excellent 100% chance to Freeze for 4 seconds, while her attack frequency is a short 6.1 seconds (~66% uptime). She also has 34k HP and 3 KBs, with around 5000 DPS from a safe 425 range and a 2 second foreswing. Her deploy cost is 3300 and she has a 58 second CD. Before True Form stats are much lower and Freeze is only a 50% proc chance, making her largely unreliable and not worth using. With talents she can obtain Curse Immunity and the ability to survive a lethal strike."
"Ice Cat's main ability is to freeze Reds consistently, from a high range, and for a long duration. This allows her to shut down the many Red enemies with high DPS that require CC to handle well, such as Bore, JK Bun Bun and Baron Seal. Her short CD can allow for multiple Ice Cats to stack and achieve permafreeze. Her DPS gives her some generalist value, and while having a below-average range for a Backliner and pretty low HP limit her usefulness as an attacker, her cheap cost and very short CD can cover for this. For very high intensity use like in Baron Seal, Survive talent is a welcome option to have."
"While Ice Cat is an excellent crowd control for Red enemies, often iCat does the job fine with a similar Freeze uptime but much more spammability. Ice Cat is still convenient to make Red CC even easier, but it's not exactly a high demand job for an Uber to cover. Her range does however greatly exceed iCat's, giving her some distinctive use against higher ranged Reds. Curse Immunity looks like it would grant some extra relevance over iCat in the end game, but her low HP means she can't really afford to take hits regardless of if they're cursing her. Furthermore, Ice Cat has a bit of a long foreswing so she can miss, and her backswing is short enough that she sometimes advances too readily and gets killed after a missed attack leaves powerful Reds unfrozen, or in mixed stages."
"Red Enemies sometimes just need freezing to be bearable, and Ice Cat is a great option for this. Easy stacking thanks to a low cooldown enables permafreeze, meaning that when she works she can completely trivialize a stage. While iCat mostly fulfills her role, Ice Cat still does a great job at high-uptime Freezing of Red enemies from a safe distance, with solid DPS as backup, and will find use in any player's collection."
