Heracrist,4,Ubers and Legends
"Heracrist is a decent Single Target, midrange Nuker. It boasts an impressive 102k base HP with 2 KBs, 153k base Damage with 19.4k base DPS, 4 Speed, a nearly 4 second long foreswing and a 75s Cooldown. It targets Floating in First Form and Alien in Evolved Form, with stats being identical between both forms. It also carries Slow Immunity and Warp Immunity."
"Heracrist's immediately apparent strength is its massive physical stats. Its high HP (effective 250k HP vs target trait) enables it to stay alive longer and can be the difference between completing an attack or being interrupted. Its attack power gives it a very high base DPS, boosted up to a ludicrous 34.9k effective DPS (around 275k effective Damage per hit) against its target trait. In stages with bulky frontliners and manageable peons, Heracrist can deal massive blows of damage with every attack, and with a short cooldown, it is not too hard to deploy multiple or replace a dead Heracrist. Notably, Heracrist can work on certain R.Ost stages where conventional counters are hard to use or incompatible with the stage. Its Floating targeting is not utilized often due to lackluster target selection, limiting it mostly to common Bun Bun variants and Shy Boys. Its Alien targeting, however, is considerably more notable. The combination of Strong and Warp Immunity enable it to be used on stages with Starred Aliens provided their numbers aren't huge. It also gives a very strong presence against Puffsley's Comet, with just a few attacks being enough to take it down. As a bonus, its Slow Immunity shuts down Croakley's ability to bully it out."
"Heracrist has very large flaws that significantly reduce its usage and relegates it to only working in favorable stages. While its physical stats are high, Heracrist has very sluggish movement speed and a very long foreswing. These paired with single targeting make Heracrist very clunky to use and completely bars it from working on stages that have many strong peons. It also mandates that Heracrist be used alongside peon-clearing wave/LD attackers, precision-kills from e.g. Bullet Train, or stalling units such as Green Shell and Rock Cat in order to land its attacks on the correct targets. While Slow and Warp Immunities help him greatly against some enemies, other status-inflicting enemies give Heracrist a huge struggle. Mr. Mole and M.Ost in certain conditions will repeatedly knockback-juggle Heracrist to death, and lack of Freeze Immunity gives it trouble in certain Henry stages (though certainly not all)."
"Heracrist is a very situational Nuker that given the right stage can completely crush it, but in most cases it will have very minimal or no impact at all. The insane DPS comes with the burden of awkward stats that require support to overcome and limited target selection. Its Floating targeting is rather lackluster and only truly works on enemies that can be easily controlled with common gacha rare units most of the time. Its anti-Alien targeting gives it some notable use in late game, especially as a Puffsley counter, being one of the best at that role. Heracrist serves as a unique addition to one's Uber pool allowing for easy completion of some notably hard stages, but it will show disappointing performance on an average stage."
