Li'l Nyandam,4,Story Legends
"Li'l Nyandam is a subpar Super Backliner with a 30% chance to Slow all types of enemies for 4s. In Evolved Form at level 30 Li'l Nyandam has 1100 DPS from an impressive range of 551, mediocre survivability with 2 KBs and 20k HP with a 168s cooldown and a 15s attack cycle, all at a cost of 4350. In True Form, Schoolbus Nyandam has 2.1k DPS, 27k HP, and an improved 11s attack cycle, while also increasing the chance to slow to 50%."
"Li'l Nyandam’s defining quality is his range. This range allows him to shine in SoL, where as the only 4 Crown Super Backliner available, he is able to chip away at enemies you might otherwise struggle with such as Professor A, Master A, and Dark Emperor Nyandam. Despite being inconsistent, Li'l Nyandam’s Slow ability can also be very helpful when it does proc, which can help alleviate pressure off your other units. This slow proc is particularly nice in stages such as Li'l Mohawk and Li'l Eraser."
"Despite his fantastic range, Li'l Nyandam has pathetic DPS to back it up. While his slow vs all traits may seem appealing at first, it is unreliable and has a pathetic uptime of 27% to 32% due to his abysmal attack cycle. His stats are completely unusable outside of 4*, and even there Li'l Nyandam is often outclassed by A. Mina. When compared to A. Mina, Li'l Nyandam has far worse survivability, DPS, and Cooldown. Li'l Nyandam's 2 KBs with 27k HP lead to him dying in 1-2 hits in later parts of the game, and this is further accentuated by his lack of immunities. His low HP combined with this leads him to being very susceptible to waves and LD attackers. While A. Mina's 435 range doesn't outrange the same threats Li'l Nyandam does, her LD bypasses this as well, rendering his only strength near irrelevant as well."
"Ultimately, though Li'l Nyandam seems to be an okay Super Backliner at first, his horrible stats let him down in every category besides range. He may get some opportunities to shine in 4* SoL due to this, but these chances are very rare. While his True Form does offer significant improvement, it comes at the cost of an Elder Catfruit and more, leading to an expensive true form with nearly no usage. Schoolbus Nyandam is almost always outclassed by A. Mina, and is almost not recommended for usage at all."
