Sanada Yukimura,4,Ubers and Legends
"Yukimura is an incredibly strong Rusher, with Massive Damage to Black enemies. He has a two-part multihit with 38.3k and 3800 damage, a 1 frame foreswing, 75 Speed, 29k HP, a 51s Cooldown and 3075 cost. He has 5 KBs and a rebound mechanism such that when knocked back, he will instantly attack again. As Yukimura gains a large stat boost in True Form, it is important to unlock this as soon as possible. This also gives access to his powerful Strengthen talent, doing 50% extra damage when below 40% HP."
"With exceptional stats and a large number of stages where he shines, Yukimura has cemented his standing as an incredibly valuable Rusher. He can annihilate most stages where Rushers are viable with 9200 base DPS, enhanced to potentially 13.8k with Strengthen Talent active, and even higher when repeated rebound attacks are factored in. This is especially true when Black enemies are present (effective 168k Damage per hit, 37k DPS, or 55k strengthened). He is a particularly effective choice against troublesome backline Blacks like Tackey or Le'Noir, removing them from the field faster than any other option once you expose them. His incredibly short foreswing, combined with high KB count, full backswing and high speed, means that even when he is being attacked repeatedly he almost always manages to land multiple hits before dying unlike other Rushers which can be juggled before their foreswing finishes. He competes with Awakened Bahamut for the crown of best general Rusher, with one Bahamut outperforming one Yukimura in damage output, but Yukimura’s faster recharge time and access to higher levels and talents arguably giving him an edge."
"Yukimura's main flaw is in his design as a Rusher. While amazing on many stages, when a stage does not favor rushing, such as Bun Bun stages, Bore stages, and spam stages, Yukimura can become almost useless and is not worth bringing. His relatively small health pool also creates issues when the player uses Yukimura carelessly; he can die before contributing much, especially against high-damage enemies like Capy or Nyandams who can kill him in one hit and nullify his powerful rebound attacks."
"Yukimura dominates the mid and late game meta, proving an effective choice essentially anywhere Awakened Bahamut is useful. Having a faster and more disposable Bahamut-style Rusher unit breaks many stages. At initial level 30 untalented conditions, he is less destructive than Bahamut, but his power scales well with boost and talents, and those who invest heavily in him will not be disappointed. At full potential he can match and even exceed Bahamut's performance, and of course they can be used together for extra destruction."
