Thundia,4,Ubers and Legends
"Thundia is a good anti-Red Backliner which performs a similar role to Crazed Bahamut, but with better stats all-around. In True Form she has 440 range, 10 Speed, 51k HP with 5 KBs, and 5200 DPS with 69k base Damage. She has 4410 deploy cost as well as 106s respawn time. Pre-TF stats are worse across the board, and mostly not worth using. Her talents include the standard attack and defense buffs, 50% Wave Resist, Curse Immunity, and a Strengthen that lets her gain +50% Damage at 50% HP."
"Thundia accomplishes her role as a serviceable Backliner with her comfortable range, and will nuke any Red enemies within that range with her great 21k effective DPS, including Bores, Capies, and JK Bun Buns. Red enemies typically have high endurance, making her giant 276k effective Damage attacks more likely to hit than whiff. With her stats and DPS in True Form, she can essentially replace or add on to the lineup of backliners: Crazed Bahamut and Ururun Cat. With her balanced stats and moderate speed she performs consistently well in her role, neither lagging behind nor charging ahead recklessly. Her only relevant talent, her Strengthen talent, pairs well with her survivability and boosts her role as both an anti-Red Nuker (31k effective DPS when strengthened) and a general Backliner (7800 strengthened DPS). If protected adequately, Thundia will destroy all Red enemies within her range."
"Unfortunately, there are many Red threats which outrange Thundia or have access to waves to reach her through a protective meatshield. Professor A and Dark Emperor Nyandam outrange her by a large amount, and Berserkory and Two Can both have a 100% chance to create a wave through your entire army. Thundia will require proper support in order to fulfill her role as an anti-Red Nuker properly. While Reds do have incredibly high endurance, in general her long foreswing can make her miss, especially against enemies with high KB counts."
"Overall, Thundia is still a good generalist which has better stats all around in comparison to Crazed Bahamut. She can still serve as a 450ish range Backliner to any trait, but destroys any frontline Red enemy in most stages. Thundia will not destroy every Red enemy in the game by herself, but will do an excellent job against the grand majority of them. While Backliners may not be nearly as great in later stages of the game, Thundia remains quite good and on top, with fast cooldown and good talents giving her an edge over Awakened Ururun as a general Backliner."
