Mystery Girl Yuki,4,Ubers and Legends
"Mystery Girl Yuki is a decent anti-Floating Backliner with Massive Damage against Floating enemies. In True Form (Mystery Catgirl Yuki) she has 42k HP with 5 KBs, ~4800 base DPS, 460 range as well as Weaken Immunity. Before True Form her stats and range are markedly worse, and unlikely to find extensive use. Her cooldown is 105s."
"Mystery Catgirl Yuki has a great 19k effective DPS to nuke Floating enemies. She has a decently quick foreswing and attack frequency to handle spam stages with large numbers of Li'l Bun-Buns or Brollows, and outranges most common Floating enemies. She also repositions easily when enemies reach her thanks to her high KB count. This makes her able to survive on the field for a long time, dishing out her high DPS towards Floating enemies without too much trouble. For her general usage, Mystery Catgirl Yuki works like a better Crazed Bahamut for early to mid-game, with higher range, KBs, DPS and a faster attack frequency. Her Weaken Immunity has few uses but makes her an interesting Backliner choice in Winged Pigge stages. Her fast cooldown for a Backliner can give her an edge over alternatives with slightly better stats but typical or longer cooldowns."
"The bad thing about Mystery Catgirl Yuki is that her niche isn't really desirable because Floating enemies can be dealt with easily by Rares and Super Rares such as Sanzo, Fishman and Cameraman with few exceptions. Combined with this disappointing fate as a specialist, her generalist stats are only decent, except the slightly above average range, leading to few situations where she is a top pick, replaceable by Awakened Ururun by late-game"
"In conclusion, Mystery Catgirl Yuki is a good anti-Floating Nuker and also works well as a general Backliner. Her general usage falls off in late game as even no gacha options like Awakened Ururun outclass her, but her specialized anti-Floating DPS from a solid range finds occasional use even into the end game when the Camera/Sanzo combination is insufficient such as against Othom (though with a modest 20 range advantage only)."
