Lilith Cat,4,Ubers and Legends
"Queen Succubus Cat is a poor CC unit with a 75% chance to Freeze Angels and Akus for 4 seconds and a ~6 second attack cycle. She has 34k HP with 3 KBs, 5000 DPS, a 2s foreswing, and stands at 385 range. Queen Succubus only costs 3300 and has a 58s Cooldown. Before True Form her range and DPS are lower and she does not target Aku, so TF is advisable for anti-Angel use and necessary for anti-Aku use."
"Although her standing range of 385 isn't great, it is just enough to outrange strong Angel pushers which Rare/Super Rare CC options cannot, such as Sleipnir and Winged Pigge. Her Freeze proc is mostly reliable against these and has a good uptime of ~80% with full treasures. Queen Succubus is also able to help control some unshielded Aku enemies, such as Aku Gory and Condemned Peng. Finally, she is very cheap to deploy and recharges quickly, which aids stacking for permafreeze applications and makes her low risk to use."
"Queen Succubus has several glaring weaknesses that limit her usefulness. Her base stats are very low for her range, making her near worthless outside of her niche. Even within her niche, she barely outranges one of her main targets, Sleipnir, by 13 range. Winged Pigge too, can easily reach her after just a small push. Her 75% proc rate with a long-ish foreswing can also fail to save her in such situations, or give melee Angel pushers enough time to break through, and her low HP means it might be fatal when this does occur. Even a stack of Queen Succubi can find itself prematurely deleted, even in pure Angel stages. Meanwhile, against Akus, her lower uptime (~66%) due to no Aku treasure and the lack of Shield Piercing ability severely limits her usage against them. Enemies such as Fallen Bear won't be affected by her Freeze ability because their shields are immune to CC effects. One of the few possible targets for her, Condemned Peng, will likely kill her with Death Surge and her Freeze can't save you from that. Her only remaining solid Aku matchup is Aku Gory, who is also handled by most other anti-Aku options, with no uses against the more desirable Aku enemies."
"Even though freezing Angel and Aku enemies is an uncommon ability, Queen Succubus Cat ends up being deficient in both niches, with few relevant targets and only barely enough range to handle them. She has no generalist usage to compensate for her subpar performance in her niche and is overall not particularly useful to own."
