Mighty Aethur Ltd.,4,Ubers and Legends
"Mighty Aethur Ltd. is a decent anti-Zombie, but a terrible Midranger otherwise. Its main ability is Insane Damage to Zombies. It has 12750 base damage and 2100 base DPS, 2010 cost, 51.2s cooldown, and 34k HP with 3 KBs. It stands at 370 range with Omnistrike spanning -730 to 370 range. True Form adds a 100% Survive ability, and a 30% chance to Dodge for 2s."
"Aethur's main strength is how much damage it offers for its low price and recharge time, dealing 76.5k effective Damage per hit (12.8k effective DPS) with all treasures. Since most Zombie stages are cash-tight, this combination of stats offers a cheap yet potentially effective anti-Zombie measure. Its fast respawn speed helps it handle spaced groups of burrowing Zombies, since it can be spawned often to deal with them, and also reduces the negative impact of its (frequent) deaths. Additionally, it has a fairly fast attack frequency, so it can react to Zombies burrowing or surfacing near it quickly. Its Omnistrike attacks are helpful on stages with Zombie peons that burrow for a long distance to kill them before they do any damage to the backlines, though they don't help that much against beefier Zombies. Dodge in True Form helps offset its pitiful HP to let it rarely tank and strike back against a burrowing/reviving Zombie. Additionally, he also has access to a very efficient Cat Combo with Courier Cat which increases Worker Start Level by two stages, which can be occasionally used in Dojos or money-tight startups."
"Aethur's low HP and endurance harm it significantly; if a Zombie comes up near it and starts attacking it, it can get knocked back or killed before its attack completes, and its backwards Omnistrike can potentially suck Zombies in towards it to finish it off. Dodge in True Form is too inconsistent and RNG-reliant to fix this issue, and Survive barely even does anything as even here the weakest Zombie has no issue unburrowing or reviving to do the last 1 Damage to finish it off. While this isn't too much of a weakness due to how disposable it is, it's still a point to consider. Additionally, while its role as an anti-Zombie Midranger is valuable, Aethur's role here can be replicated by non-Ubers; Li'l Flying Cat, Cadaver BearCat, and a well-timed Slime Cat can all be used to take down most burrowing Zombies. Finally, outside of Zombies, Aethur is greatly inferior to Super Rare Midrangers like Pizza and Seafarer, and should not even be considered for generalist use."
"Overall, Mighty Aethur Ltd. is utterly useless except against Zombies, but performs well against them as a cheap Midranger. It's useful throughout the game as a powerful and cost-efficient anti-Zombie unit, though its low HP harms it later in the game, and it has bad matchups against some of the tougher Zombies like Cadaver Bear. It's also a serviceable killer of short-ranged Zombies, though this becomes less valuable later in the game due to the presence of non-Uber options that do well in this role."
