Li'l Valkyrie Dark,4,Ubers and Legends
"Li’l Valkyrie Dark is an excellent midrange Rusher. She is an AoE attacker with a HP of 35.7k and 2 KBs, 4.3s attack frequency, 1.2s foreswing, 32 Speed, 51s Cooldown, 4200 cost, and a range of 345. However, her main appeal is her level 3 Wave ability (733 range). This wave ability doubles her base DPS of 5700 to a staggering 11.5k against enemies hit by both the initial attack and the wave, and grants her a piercing range of 388. She also possesses Wave Immunity."
"Her DPS is exceptionally high for a Midranger. The aforementioned piercing range causes her to dominate enemies that are in a multi-layered defense, and her short attack frequency can result in her juggling low endurance enemies with her waves. Her cooldown is also quite low, which allows Li’l Valkyrie Dark to be used as a throwaway Rusher. As a midrange Rusher, she can enter blindspots effectively while still maintaining range over any pusher enemies inside the blindspot. Her Wave Immunity increases her versatility as well. As a Sniper, she is able to reliably snipe lower-end backline enemies with her 388 piercing range and 5700 piercing DPS, such as the Le'boin variants, but she struggles with higher range enemies."
"Although she does have very strong offensive stats, her survivability is quite poor. Her backswing is rather inadequate when paired with her high speed, causing her to often rush into enemies past meatshields. Her health is somewhat low and she has a low KB count, giving her few opportunities to reposition and recover from rushing in too far. These problems are most noticeable in stages with enemies that have an unstable frontline, or when she is used to snipe high range enemies that require the full use of her wave range. Additionally, when compared to other Ubers with cooldowns of around a minute or less, her cost is slightly high, which can be detrimental when she is used as a throwaway Rusher or in low income stages."
"In summary, Li’l Valkyrie Dark has extremely powerful offensive abilities but poor survivability, which is alleviated mostly by her short cooldown. She will be very useful throughout the entirety of the game, especially considering the fact that the value of her roles as a Rusher, Midranger and Sniper increase greatly as the game progresses."
