Snow Miku 2021,4,Ubers and Legends
"Snow Miku 2021 is a decent generalist Backliner/Sniper, and specializes against Traitless enemies, being a very good anti-Traitless Backliner/Sniper with good CC. Snow Miku has 4200 base DPS, 48k base HP with 4 KBs, 425 standing range, 325 to 700 LD and additional abilities of Strong against Traitless, and also a 50% chance to Freeze Traitless enemies for 4 seconds."
"Snow Miku possesses a variety of excellent qualities. In terms of her generalist qualities, her solid DPS with 275 piercing range is able to snipe most enemies using a stepping stone. Most comparable to Awakened Mina, another good LD Sniper, Snow Miku performs arguably better. Snow Miku also shines in her specialist qualities, targeting Traitless, a rare and desirable trait to target. With Strong boosting her already good stats (6300 effective DPS), she becomes an excellent LD Sniper against Traitless, effectively sniping dangerous Traitless backliners like Camelle and The SLOTH. With a good 58% Freeze uptime and a decent proc rate, Snow Miku works well on controlling high-pushpower Traitless enemies like the infamous R. Ost and Rain D, stopping them in their tracks and giving some breathing space. She also is able to fully utilize her decent KB count with her good effective 95k HP, meaning she can stay alive and effective for a decent while."
"Like all things, Snow Miku isn't perfect. Snow Miku suffers from her rather large 325 blindspot and a poor 100 inner range, with shorter-range and high-pushpower enemies able to slip in and hurt or even kill Snow Miku. Due to this, good meatshielding and support is required to use Snow Miku to her full potential."
"Overall, Snow Miku is a great Uber that requires good support and meatshielding to fully utilize her amazing strengths, like its good generalist LD sniping capabilities and great niche and CC against Traitless. With anti-Traitless being a rare and valuable niche and being very relevant throughout the game, and also combined with relevance of LD, makes her very useful throughout the game from EoC all the way to UL."
