Archer,4,Ubers and Legends
"Archer is a very good LD attacker with 500 standing range and 400 to 800 LD range, ~4000 DPS, ~48k HP and 3 knockbacks, 15 Speed, a 2 minute Cooldown, as well as Wave Immunity."
"Archer performs very well as an LD attacker, standing safe from most enemies at super-backline range with a big LD width, a considerable 300 piercing range, and decent DPS. He is able to snipe most recurring enemy backliners in the game by using a shorter-ranged frontliner as a stepping stone. In addition, Archer's respectable cooldown allows him to be stacked quite nicely. Furthermore, his Wave Immunity makes him useful as a support attacker in stages that mix enemy midrangers or backliners with wave enemies. Lastly, Archer has a relatively high movement speed. This allows him to infiltrate blindspots of super long-ranged LD enemies such as Croakley, Hackey, Queen B, and Queen Mother V."
"Archer's high speed is also one of his main weaknesses, however. It often leaves him prone to clipping into the enemy frontline after landing an attack, which can hurt his survivability significantly. This is especially problematic when fighting wave enemies: If Archer is knocked back and an enemy wave also takes out the units that were meatshielding him, he tends to rush far enough for the enemies to quickly enter his unprotected blindspot and hit him again – thus leading to a double knockback or, if the damage is high enough, even a kill. Additionally, Archer has a fairly large blindspot of 400. On the one hand, short/midrange pusher enemies can easily infiltrate it, though this issue can be solved by supporting Archer with cats that can fill his blindspot. On the other hand, the large blindspot is another factor that prevents him from being an effective counter against wave enemies despite his Wave Immunity, as most recurring wave enemies are bulky, short-ranged, and tend to push hard when supported by fast, melee-type bruisers that can kill Wave Blockers like Octopus or Supercat much faster – especially in late/end game stages."
"Overall, Archer is a great general LD Sniper with very good stats across the board. His niche as a Wave Immune LD attacker is less impressive, though, and is limited to stages that mix wave enemies with traditional enemy midrangers or backliners. Despite the survivability problems that arise from his high speed and short backswing, Archer can perform very well as an LD attacker throughout the whole game."
