Sarukani,4,Ubers and Legends
"Due to the nature of Sarukani, we must go over its First Form and True Form, both with different usages. Sarukani (First Form) is an excellent spammable anti-Zombie uber and decent anti-Angel, with 12k base HP with 4 KBs, 2200 DPS, 300 Range and 7.2s Cooldown. The True Form of Sarukani (OHW) is a decent generalist Backliner, an amazing anti-Zombie Backliner and a very good anti-Angel with 5700 DPS, 98k HP, 4 KBs, 460 range as well as Slow Immunity and Weaken Immunity. Its CD is much longer than the first form, at 151s. Both forms have Z-Killer and Strong against Zombies and Angelic enemies."
"Sarukani is, as said before, an excellent spammable anti-Zombie with the Strong ability giving it an effective 4000 DPS against Zombies, combined with its rather quick cooldown, decent range and survivability (29k effective HP with 4 KBs) allows for Sarukani to be quickly stacked and accumulate DPS. Sarukani performs incredibly well against shorter-range enemies like Zory and Angelic Gory, with their shorter range allowing for a stack of Sarukani to melt them. A perk of Sarukani is its quick attack animation allowing for Sarukani to quickly react to Zombie ambushes by peons, and a short cooldown which allows Sarukani to be ready for any Zombie ambush. OHW with its good range means it outranges and can safely hit most Angel and Zombie enemies from a distance, and with its 10k effective DPS, means OHW deals nicely against enemies like Cadaver Bear and Winged Pigge, while its First Form cannot. It also has a good effective HP of 244k HP and 4 KBs (60k+ endurance) allowing some moderate tanking of Angels and Zombies, notably against Daboo and Zamelle. Its Weaken Immunity and Slow Immunity is also worth mentioning, allowing for better countering of Daboo, Zroco, Winged Pigge, Sunfish Jones and deals with enemies like Calamary."
"While Sarukani can deal effectively with shorter-ranged Zombies/Angels, it suffers in its performance against enemies with longer range such as Cadaver Bear, Zamelle or Sleipnir. Sarukani against these enemies usually gets killed before being able to stack or do any damage at all depending on the enemy. And since Sarukani by itself also is rather lackluster in overall stats, usually requiring a stack to do any meaningful damage meaning, this nullifies Sarukani against any longer range enemy. This overall damages Sarukani's performance against Angels, as Angels contain more Backliners to nullify Sarukani than Zombies. OHW mainly suffers from his decently long TBA and foreswing, with this resulting in enemies with high push-power managing to push towards OHW during his long TBA. More relevant is the fact that Zombies, a trait which OHW is meant to counter, has a lot of high DPS peons which can burrow and ambush TF Sarukani, and due to long foreswing means that these peons can chip Sarukani's HP, and chip away over time. OHW’s repositioning ability (4 KBs) is average at best, leaving him not quite as much flexibility to deal with burrowing Zombies and heavy-pushpower enemies like Cadaver as you might like. Finally is the fact that OHWs long foreswing means enemies can sometimes burrow behind OHW, nullifying him entirely, although this can be remedied with HBlast."
"Overall Sarukani as a whole is an excellent Uber, with its 2 forms allowing for great versatility against Zombies, together effectively countering nearly every Zombie in the game. The first form is like a Li'l Flying or Cadaver BearCat with less raw power but much higher survivability. Sarukani's two forms also perform well against most Angels. Sarukani is made even better as the traits it counters (Angel and Zombie) are very relevant from mid to end game, and also being a decent generalist Backliner means Sarukani can practically last you from EoC all the way to UL."
