Furiluga,4,Ubers and Legends
"Furiluga, or rather its Evolved Form Furilan Pasalan, is a pathetically weak Super Backliner. Its main ability is a 100% chance to break Star Alien Barriers and Aku Shields. It has 1.1k DPS with an 18-second attack rate. It stands at 700 range, and has the Nekoluga standard stats of 20k HP, 1 knockback, and a 325-second Cooldown. The First Form, as with other Lugas, is unusable. "
"Furilan can effectively break the shields of ranged Aku enemies which other options struggle to reach, like Le'Behemoth and Fallen Bear, from a safe distance. It is especially good against Le'Behemoth whose shield only needs to be pierced once and does not regenerate, as it doesn't matter that Furilan's attack rate is slow so much then. There are few options for piercing Aku Shields, and being able to do so is the most important ability for an anti-Aku as their huge shield HP cannot be easily broken with raw DPS, especially when level seals are active, and status effects do not work while the shield is up."
"Every other attribute of Furilan makes it truly terrible. Even against the aforementioned Aku enemies, Furilan isn't too useful for two reasons. First, Furilan's very slow attack rate will often cause it to waste its first attack on a peon, then sit there doing nothing while the enemy's shield stays up for 18 more seconds. This also means that against Akus that regenerate their shields, he can only break it once every 18 seconds at best, and other units with faster attack rates like Aku Researcher and Lil Macho Legs will usually proc a Shield Pierce before then. Secondly, Aku stages frequently have Death Surge enemies like Condemned Peng and Sinner Snache which can potentially reach Furilan even from his huge standing range and potentially kill him due to his pathetic durability. Furilan's painfully long 5 minute+ cooldown means this renders him inactive for far longer than his alternatives after such a death, and greatly hinders his usefulness. Furilan's anti-Alien niche is even less impressive as it suffers from these same problems, but there are a plethora of Barrier Breakers available as alternatives. Finally, outside of these niches, Furilan is of no use whatsoever as a Super Backliner due to its extremely low DPS, lack of survivability, and incredibly long Cooldown; even non-Uber Super Backliners like Schoolbus Nyandam and Cyberpunk Cat render it obsolete in every way."
"Overall, Furiluga's only value comes from being one of very few Shield Piercers in the game. It is bad at this job compared to other Uber and non-Uber options in most situations due to awful stats and a ridiculously long attack cycle, but the rarity of this ability means it is not quite entirely useless and may be of occasional help against longer-ranged Akus with very large barriers that only need to be broken a small number of times. In all other situations it is perhaps one of the worst ubers in the game."
