Skull Rider Vars,4,Ubers and Legends
"Skull Rider Vars is an average general Backliner with an average anti-Alien/Zombie CC niche. Specifically, he has Knockback and Slow (5s to 6s depending on treasures) against these traits, each one having a 50% chance of activation, as well as 50% Barrier Break and Zombie Killer at his disposal. Boasting slightly lower stats than his non-seasonal counterpart's True Form, Skull Rider Vars has 4400 DPS at 445 range with 3 KBs and 61.2k HP, and the usual Dragon Emperor high cost (5610) with 145s Cooldown."
"Skull Rider Vars's strengths lie in his decent general stats for his Backliner build. Even though they are nothing special, he can function well all the way through mid-game. His anti-Zombie abilities, coupled with his standing range and Z-Kill, allow him to be a helpful CC against tougher Zombie enemies. As for his anti-Alien usage, he can also provide helpful CC and break barriers effectively, but be careful not to let his KB procs cause your cats to walk into a backliner's attacks. A very long Slow duration gives him very high 92% to 111% uptime when it procs, and can give him more breathing room on stages that contain his targeted traits. His respectable HP and KB count also give him plenty of survivability, letting him stay on the field a decently long time."
"Skull Rider Vars's main flaw is his replaceability. Just about any mediocre backline Uber will do the same job, possibly with a more interesting niche to back them up and by late game he is entirely replaced as a general Backliner by Awakened Ururun, even. His combination of Knockback and Slow can (rarely) cause Mizli Syndrome when both his abilities proc at once (25%), and is particularly undesirable on an anti-Alien. However, equally likely is that neither procs, at which point he is not contributing to the battle, making his niche uses rather RNG dependent requiring neither too many nor too few procs. Against Zombies you will rarely encounter such problems, as the only recurring backliner is Zamelle, but his high cost and cooldown work against him in typically cash-tight Zombie stages where he will inevitably die from unburrowing/reviving Zombies chipping away at him."
"In conclusion, Skull Rider Vars is an all-around mediocre unit that works well in early-mid game. He works fine in most Zombie and Alien stages, yet never performs exceptionally well in anything due to just a lack of situations where his ability is all that effective. Most players, upon reaching late game, will find that they have much better CC and certainly better generalists."
