Lilin,4,Ubers and Legends
"Lilin is a poor midranger with 350 range, 4000 DPS, and Strong Against Aku and Angel traits. She has 42.5k base HP with 3 KBs, 11 Speed, and a cooldown of 85s. Most notably, she has a 100% chance of piercing Aku Shields, with an attack frequency of 6.2s."
"Lilin's most relevant aspect is her ability to pierce shields from a decent range with a decent attack rate. Being able to break an Aku's shield is often the most important factor when dealing with it, as the shields are often too large to quickly remove with pure damage (especially with levels sealed by the Aku Base), and status effects do not work until the shield is gone. Unlike non-uber Shield Piercers such as Aku Researcher and talented Li'l Macho Legs, her ability is guaranteed to trigger and has AoE. Additionally, she can outrange Fallen Bear. She also wields 85k HP against Aku enemies (106.3k against Angels, with ItF fruit treasures), so she can endure some low-level damage if she needs to. 5900 DPS against Aku (7100 against Angels) isn't anything phenomenal, but it's good enough by mid-game standards. She has quite a short cooldown (84.5s), which somewhat makes up for her poor stats."
"Lilin, like other Galaxy Gals Ubers without a True Form, suffers from major stat deficiencies. Her general usage is almost none, and even against her target traits with Strong, she is nothing special. With both lackluster survivability and damage output, there's very little reason to use her even over non-gacha generalists like Ururun or Urs. She is also held back by her somewhat long foreswing (2.1s), which can be an issue against hard-pushing enemies like Angelic / Aku Gories. Even in her shield-piercing niche, she can only realistically work against Aku Cyclone and Fallen Bear as her mediocre range prevents her from reaching most others. Even against Fallen Bear her matchup is shaky as she outranges him by only 5. Against higher ranged Akus or boss enemies like Empress or Jagando, she can get one or two hits in between their attacks, but then dies and suffers from a full minute of downtime. It can work, but it is uncomfortable."
"Guaranteed, high-frequency Shield Piercing is extremely powerful on paper but due to range/bulk issues and few good matchups in which she can consistently deliver her attacks, Lilin is painfully mediocre even as a specialist. She can neither outrange nor tank through most relevant shield enemies. That said, most alternatives have similar or more debilitating downsides too, such as a slow attack rate, a non-guaranteed proc, or even worse stats. As a generalist, don't expect anything from her, just use Ururun instead. Even against Angel / Aku enemies, Awakened Ururun performs better."
