Uesugi Kenshin,4,Ubers and Legends
"Uesugi Kenshin is a nice Midranger with around 76k base HP, 3 KBs and 6400 base DPS, as well as Strong + 100% KB proc against Blacks. With talents, she also gains Target Relic and Curse Immunity. Kenshin has a high cost of 5475, 405 range, and 18 Speed. Her cooldown is 145s."
"Boasting great stats against Relics (effective 9600 DPS, 152k HP) plus reliable CC, Kenshin is able to effectively counter a good portion of the Relic enemies in the game, and holds very well against longer range ones too with her tanky health. Against Blacks, Kenshin is a good attacker, able to hold the frontline and outrange most Black enemies, and can counter tanky ones quite well such as Dark Otter, Le’noir or sometimes Razorback. Her fast attack rate also helps keep up with enemy spam, especially Black enemies as they are often found in groups."
"Kenshin does have a high summoning cost, and this can hurt in end game as some stages are extremely stingy on cash. While her KB can be great, it can also be harmful at times by pushing the enemy frontline and causing your units to push into the enemy backliner's range, or “Mizli Syndrome”. Against Blacks, her KB isn't very useful as they for the most part already have a high KB count, with the exception of a few like Le'noir and Dark Otter. For Relic usage, she is indeed effective, but requires a hefty NP investment. For her general usage, her range is too little to work as a reliable Backliner but her DPS is a little underwhelming for your typical midrange needs, so best to keep her as a specialist for her target traits."
"With her abilities and stats, Kenshin's usage is highlighted in end game as her combination of power and durability is highly compatible with the Relic meta, and such formidable Relic counters are hard to come across. Prior to that, her usage is only mediocre, with Pizza replacing her niche as an anti-Black, but still works against enemies which Pizza can’t, like Le’noir with her higher backline range and KB. Her role in endgame as a good anti-Relic makes her a valuable unit to obtain."
