Mighty Rekon Korps,4,Ubers and Legends
"Mighty Rekon Korps is a good backline Nuker with 41k HP, 470 range, 12.4k DPS, 4.4s foreswing and 8 KBs. It has the Target Only ability towards Traited - it cannot attack Traitless. It additionally has Omnistrike from -470 to 470 range and Zombie Killer. Rekon Korps is still good without its True Form, but Evolved Form has 2000 less DPS, 20 less range and lacks Omnistrike, so it is recommended to get the TF. Its cooldown is 178s."
"Rekon Korps's main strengths are its extremely high general DPS, above average backliner range, and great survivability thanks to a high KB count. While these are remarkable generalist qualities, Rekon also has a specialist domain as an anti-Zombie, with negative Omnistrike range to hit and Z-Kill Zombies that have burrowed or revived close behind it, with its significant DPS."
"Obviously, Target Only is a glaring weakness on any unit with it. Unlike most Target Only units, Rekon does not just target one or two traits, though, but instead all but Traitless. This means it is less of a weakness than usual, but still causes problems in mixed stages where commonplace Traitless peons can cause Rekon to stand there doing nothing until a Traited enemy reaches the frontline. Rekon Korps's main weakness, however, is its extremely long foreswing. It's one of the longest in the game, longer than even Crazed Bahamut's foreswing. This can cause it to miss quite a lot, lowering its effective DPS, or be interrupted by fast-pushing enemies, especially with its low endurance. It's also undesirable especially in an anti-Zombie, where it leaves a huge window of opportunity for Zombies to burrow, or for a Cadaver Bear to jump in and stop the attack. Another weakness is its low health. This means that against enemies with decent damage per hit, it cannot fully utilize its 8 KBs, and you have to hope for peons to chip away at it before it loses a huge chunk of life to a heavier attack. Stages in late game don't favor generalist backline nukers like Rekon Korps, Curse completely disables it, and while its immense general stats mean it'll never fully fall out of use, the situations in which you can most effectively wield it become more limited as you progress. Its cooldown is also quite long."
"Rekon Korps carries early/mid game Traited stages very well as a superb generalist, but has fewer uses in late game as this role becomes less in demand. Its backline DPS is insane, but comes with drawbacks in inaccuracy and being shut down entirely by even the most trivial Traitless peon. He's got some of the highest Z-Kill DPS and a bit of negative range to give it some extra firepower against Zombies, but doesn't have the greatest matchups with the trait as a whole."
