Mekako Saionji,4,Ubers and Legends
"Mekako is a backline Uber that can perform in three different roles depending on form. First Form is a Tanker with Resistant to Alien and Black, and guaranteed Survive. Evolved Form is an anti-Alien CC / Support unit with a 50% chance of Weakening enemies for 8.33s to 10s and a 50% chance to proc Knockback. Finally, True Form is an anti-Alien Nuker/CC unit with Massive Damage against Aliens and 100% Slow for 5s to 6s. Her 97k base HP, 4700 base DPS and 445 range allows her to work well in all 3 of these roles as well as in general use, although the most useful forms are the True Form and, to an extent, the First Form. All forms have a 5925 deploy cost."
"Mekako's First Form can use its considerable bulk to approach and damage high range Alien/Black enemies with an effective HP of 388k to 485k (depending on Treasures). Her Evolved Form is situationally useful to support your other units by weakening powerful Alien pushers. However, it is her True Form which offers the most value, bumping her effective DPS to around 19k towards Aliens. This alone is quite significant, and the additional Slow effect gives you a rare combination of high DPS and CC in one unit, making her a very efficient anti-Alien fulfilling multiple roles at once in battle."
"Mekako's First Form largely fails at its intended job as a Tanker due to her high range for the role. Large groups of high DPS enemies, especially Blacks, should be prevented from reaching your Backliners with meatshields and CC, not tanked by them. Her Evolved Form is largely overshadowed by more spammable anti-Alien proc units, namely Psycho and Seafarer. Furthermore, KB has poor compatibility with Alien stages and you will find yourself often hoping it does not proc. True Form has the greatest strengths and most uses, but with her low KB count, she has few chances to reposition compared to usual Backliners, and the Survive talent is expensive and ineffective at lessening this. She also has a very high deployment cost so you need to be very sure she's the right unit to bring to the stage to be worth this. She is also designed primarily to counter conventional Aliens, not their Starred brethren, lacking the useful Barrier Breaker ability for an anti-Alien Nuker. Even if she can break most barriers with pure damage, you still have to wait until the second hit to start hurting the enemy."
"While the weaknesses of Mekako cannot be denied, she is still a solid unit to own and a formidable Alien counter, carrying the majority of ItF and some parts of CotC, as well as later Alien-heavy stages. The 2 KBs are nice for the Tanker form but can hurt in many situations for the more utilized Nuker Form as well as more general use, but her immense damage against Aliens will often mean they are dead before you have to worry about that."
