Akane Tendo,4,Ubers and Legends
"Akane Tendo is an average LD Sniper/Backliner (400 standing range, 250 to 650 LD). She has 51k HP, 3 KBs, 32.5k base Damage and 3600 base DPS. Her offensive capabilities are enhanced by Savage Blows at a 30% proc chance with a 3x multiplier to damage when it procs, as well as 100% chance of Barrier Breaker. As for defensive abilities, she is Immune to Knockback, Freeze, Slow and Weaken. Finally, she has a 98s Cooldown."
"To begin with her strengths, her Savage Blows boost her average DPS from 3600 to an effective 5700, which is impressive for general LD use. One of her Savage Blows, when it procs, dishes out nearly 100k LD Damage in a single hit, which can change the flow of battle in an instant. Her LD area is well balanced in piercing and inner range, letting her hit most enemies, provided with a stepping stone, with little risk. Her LD Barrier Break is excellent for Star Alien backliners like Le'Solar and Weyland, and as one of the few Snipers with Immunity to Knockbacks, she can present herself as a decent counter to Mr. Mole. Against a foe such as Henry, she has little to worry with her decent speed and Freeze Immunity guaranteeing her protection. Finally, her cooldown is fast for a backline Uber and is paired with a relatively cheap cost, making her sustainable to use in cash-tight stages too."
"Akane's core weaknesses lie in her survivability and reliance on luck. As a 30% Savage Blow unit with a 9 second attack rate, she only lands one every 30 seconds on average, and with poor luck, she could plausibly not land one for the duration of her time on the field. This would leave her with only her base DPS to rely on, which while not awful, significantly worsens her performance. Her low standing range for a backline-class Uber, high movement speed, short backswing, mediocre 3 KBs, and Knockback Immunity are all individually minor flaws, but combine to lower her survivability noticeably, all enhancing the risk of her not landing an all-important Savage Blow in time to turn around a hard situation."
"As a backline Sniper, Akane competes with units that do not depend on a Savage Blow mechanic and are more consistent. With average-to-good luck, she can be a powerful force, but dry spells of Savage Blows will happen and may occasionally cost you the battle. It is also still good to keep in mind that she might require more protection than others due to her suicidal tendencies. Her LD Barrier Breaking is usually replaceable by Golfer, so not too relevant, but not bad to have."
