JUPITER KING,4,Ubers and Legends
"JUPITER KING is an overall lackluster mix of backline DPS and anti-Alien support CC, with the ability to Knockback and/or Slow Aliens for 5 to 6 seconds, depending on treasures (each with a 50% proc chance). He boasts a big 76.5k HP for his range of 460, and has a DPS of about 4700 with an attack cycle of 9.57s. JUPITER KING also has 2 KBs, a hefty 6300 deployment cost, and a fairly average respawn time of 151 seconds."
"When it comes to raw stats, JUPITER KING has some solid things going for him. JUPITER KING's good range and HP paint him as a sturdy generalist Backliner. His DPS is fair for his range, but JUPITER KING also has CC capabilities against Aliens that complement his survivability further."
"However, JUPITER KING has many flaws that limit his uses. Starting with JUPITER KING's CC capabilities, his inconsistent 50% proc chance and long attack cycle can leave you with long periods with no useful control effects inflicted on the enemies. The anti-Alien typing serves only to harm JUPITER KING's CC role even further due to Knockback + Sow being infamously bad, coined “Mizli Syndrome”, thus greatly limiting his (already miserable) supporting capabilities to the rare stages that feature Alien pushers but lack threatening backliners. Unfortunately, things don't really get much better when it comes to JUPITER KING's backline DPS capabilities. While his stats are certainly rather impressive on paper, JUPITER KING falls flat on execution. JUPITER KING has one of the highest deployment costs in the game, an absurd cost for having relatively low stats. While he does have high HP, it doesn't really matter as his low KB count doesn’t leave him with enough room to reposition or recover; once he starts taking damage he will almost always lose half of his HP."
"As a ranged Support unit, JUPITER KING's low CC uptime and reliance on RNG force him into becoming nothing more than subpar support/CC at absolute best and a victim of Mizli Syndrome at worst. As a backline DPS, JUPITER KING suffers from a combination of low survivability and a monstrous deployment cost. Additionally, his base stats are lacking to the point that his role can mostly be filled by Crazed Bahamut, or most other generalist Ubers for that matter."
