Teacher BearCat,2,Advent and Cyclone Drops
"Teacher BearCat is a Melee Nuker with Insane Damage to Traitless giving it 41k AoE damage per hit at 140 range with a 3.5s attack frequency. It has 13.6k HP with 2 KBs and 10 Speed, 6f foreswing, 660 cost and a 4.53s Cooldown. With short range and poor bulk, Teacher Bear is mainly useful for sneaking in bursts of large damage, complemented by its short cooldown and short foreswing. In this fashion it can help rush down bulky Traitless enemies such as Dober P.D and shred elite peons like Bore Jr. or Wild Doge, especially as a 4 Crown option. It is also effective when used against LD enemies such as Dolphina to deal huge damage from the safety of the blindspot, though as it is a little on the slow side it often requires careful timing to get in position for this.

Assassin BearCat is almost identical except it now targets Black (which due to treasures takes 49k damage) and has an increased 16 Speed. In 4 Crown restrictions it is somewhat used as a Pizza replacement for nuking Melee Blacks. It outranges Doge Dark but sometimes speed clips and exchanges attacks or takes a hit first, and is slightly outranged by Gory Black so needs some boost to tank a hit for reliable counterplay (e.g. Level 43+ to tank a 300% Gory Black hit for Idi Invasion), but cannot reliably work against SBK. These limitations mean it cannot compete with Pizza's range, bulk and wave talent for regular anti-Black use. Assbear Cat's high speed does however make it a lot more comfortable to time between enemy attacks/get into blindspots, making it exceptional for rushing down Kurosawah or Tackey (e.g. Floor 47) and is only really matched by talented Box Cats in this."
"Cadaver BearCat is another copy of the First Form which now targets Zombies (again, 49k damage due to treasures) and also gains Zombie Killer. It is in this form that BearCat has the best matchups and sees extensive use even outside of 4 Crown restrictions. This is because burrowing and unburrowing Zombies provide a large window of opportunity for Cadaver BearCat to land a hit, even with its poor range. Late-game's 300%+ Zombie peons are both bulky and powerful, and can easily devastate your backliners or base if given a chance to emerge on top of them, but Cadaver BearCat can Z-kill, KB or at least largely cripple them before they get a chance to do too much damage. Cadaver BearCat's sheer power is also useful for quickly rushing down the many low-range Zombies, even outside of unburrowing like Li'l Cyclone, Dread Bore and Zory."
Useful to Own By: 
HT 41-50 / 4 Crown SoL
Useful to True Form By: 
UL / Z-Onel
