Kintaro,4,Ubers and Legends
"Kintaro is a decent midrange Sniper with 9200 HP, 840 cost and 1200 DPS at Lvl 30. He stands at 350 range and his LD extends from 250 to 450 range along with the ability to Slow Angels for 3 seconds at a 30% proc rate and has a 10% chance to deliver a Savage Blow giving him an average DPS of 1500. When True Formed, he becomes a good super backline Sniper with 46k HP, 4650 cost and 3500 DPS and 3s foreswing. His range is increased to 500 standing with LD reaching from 300 to 750 range. Both abilities are improved with a 50% chance to proc Slow against Angels for six seconds, a 20% chance to deliver a Savage Blow plus a new ability: 50% chance to Curse Angels for four seconds. Kintaro's attacks are delivered in a three stage multi-hit in all forms."
"Kintaro has amazing stackability, being essentially untalented Housewife but with half the cooldown, which is especially helpful in mid-late UL stages where Housewife and Fiend occupy a rare niche (stackable midranger with LD) that can always use more units. His pierce can reach all but a few common Angel enemies and due to his stackability, he has no problem permaslowing everything that walks into his range when taking into account his quick three-part multihit where each hit has 30% chance to proc, giving him a good 65.7% chance to proc per attack cycle. While Sanzo is heavily used in Angel CC, Kintaro provides extra value in also being able to slow the mid-backliner enemies Sanzo cannot reach such as Angelic Sleipnir and most importantly, Winged Pigge. Kinrangers can also be used to snipe super backliner enemies such as Prof. A and Nyandam variants, provided there is a stepping stone in front of them, due to his incredible piercing range. Angelic Sleipnir, Winged Pigge, and Chickful A are three Angel enemies where his Curse can be put to good use, turning off their annoying status effects. His Slow effect now has a. 87.5% chance of hitting each attack cycle with multi-hit factored in, and can provide consistent long range support. His Savage Blow is also very relevant in both forms as Kintaro's stacked damage escalates quickly whilst Kinrangers has one of the highest damage outputs (4900 effective DPS) for a Super Backline LD Sniper unit when factoring in Savage Blows."
"While on paper, Kintaro has the capability of slowing melee Angel enemies such as Gabriel and Angelic Gory but when put into practice, he does struggle a lot when his Slow doesn't proc and they quickly push into his small but visible blindspot. One hit from Angelic Gory is enough to severely damage or even kill him outright, ruining all chances of a stack being formed. Kinrangers suffers from extraordinarily high speed causing him to clip and making his standing range an inaccurate representation of his true placement in front of enemy units whilst also taking unnecessary early damage since he just rockets past any and all meatshields, lowering his survivability. It should also be noted that this can be easily alleviated by sending him later once a decent meatshield wall has been established. Additionally Kinrangers' foreswing can feel a little sluggish at times, giving time for enemies to interrupt his attacks."
Kintaro actually reaches almost all common Angel enemies with his pierce so if it's strictly slowing Angels you need then First Form is best. His TF is used for more consistent Slow if stepping stones aren't available along with additional range + Curse options. It should also be noted that he requires two Elder Catfruit to True Form which is both costly and locking him behind SoL completion. His Evolved Form is still available to use and is very similar to his True Form although lacking the Curse ability. He is incredibly good for general usage as either a midrange LD unit or as a super backline Sniper and overall a solid pull that will benefit you throughout the whole game and occupying two niches that are not too common.
