Hevijak the Wicked,4,Ubers and Legends
"Hevijak is a bulky backline CC/Support unit with 50% Shield Pierce. He has great HP, sitting at 76.5k with Resistance to and 50% chance to Knockback Aku and Red. The rest of his stats range from mediocre to bad, such as his 4.8k DPS at 440 range, 3 KBs, 5400 cost, 141s cooldown, 3s foreswing, 8.3s attack rate and 12 speed.  "
"Hevijak's main strengths come from his performance against Aku enemies. With his Resistant ability, Hevijak has a good 306k effective HP against Aku enemies (and 382k vs Red with treasures), allowing him to survive for a long time against bosses like Empress and Jagando. With around 100k effective endurance, he can also sometimes tank enemies who have reached him for long enough to hit them back. Shield Pierce is the single most important ability for an anti-Aku as their huge shields cannot be reliably destroyed with raw DPS, and you cannot CC them until the shield is down either. His Knockback ability can gain ground against tanky Akus and turn the tide of battle. 50% chance of Shield Pierce is better than non-Uber options such as Aku Researcher and Li'l Macho Legs by a long shot, and his bulk allows him to survive long enough to usually land a hit with it. With a standing range of 440, Hevijak comfortably outranges relevant Aku enemies like Le'Behemoth and Fallen Bear which his competitors may struggle against. "
"Hevijak's main weaknesses come from his poor performance as a specialist in his anti-Red niche as well as a generalist. Dishing out a non-guaranteed KB at best every ~8 seconds rarely provides adequate control. Red is just generally an oversaturated niche where you will almost always have a better option than this. Knockback can even be detrimental in some stages. Against Shielded Akus, you rely on his Shield Pierce to proc in order for his KB to work, as it has no effect while the Shield is up, and there is only a 25% chance of both on the same hit. 50% chance of Shield Piercing can also, with some bad luck, leave you with no meaningful progress even after several hits. His generalist value is also terrible with mostly average or bad base stats across the board. His base DPS is painfully underwhelming for his range and is outclassed even by Non Gacha options, never mind other ubers. His long cooldown does not help matters in any of his uses, nor does his undesirably long foreswing which causes him to miss attacks. He's also expensive to summon, like most Dragon Emperors."
"Overall, Hevijak heavily lacks in both the backliner generalist department due to insufficient stats, and in the Red CC department due to being outperformed by most alternatives. His value in the meta is solely found in Aku enemies. His value in the Aku meta is currently as good as it gets, despite only a 50% Shield Pierce, due to a lack of better alternatives even amongst Ubers. "
