Juvens,4,Ubers and Legends
"Juvens is an extremely amazing anti-Angel Tanker, especially in True Form, with around 133k base HP and 2 KBs, Resistance, 20% chance to Dodge for 2s, 2850 cost, and a short 38 second CD. His 11k DPS, albeit with Single Target, also gives him value as a general melee damage dealer in stages with low numbers of enemies."
"Juvens' high base HP and Resistance ability alone are already a strong defense against Angels, with a great 660k effective HP against them. However, this is further boosted with his Dodge ability, which makes him even stronger against them. His Resistance and Dodge ability paired is almost cheating towards his target trait; he takes reduced damage from some hits and completely ignores others. His short CD and low cost also helps him, making a strong line of defense against even non Angel enemies. Outside of tanking, he has high DPS, making him capable of dealing a large amount of damage to enemies. His high DPS and high base HP pairs well with his short CD, allowing him to work well on many boss stages, where he can get close and deal damage, and by the time the first Juvens is dead, there could easily be another spawned."
"While Juvens is an extremely good anti-Angel Tanker and can be used outside of Angels, depending on the enemy, he can be shredded immediately and be a waste of money, especially with some late game high magnification enemies. Furthermore, his Single Target restricts him from peon spam stages, which can make him only work on certain boss stages outside of Angels. There is also a major competitor for the Angel tanking role: Ramen. While Juvens' Dodge can make him stand out compared to Ramen, Ramen tends to be enough for many Angel heavy stages."
"Even with the weaknesses being considered, Juvens is a great unit to own, destroying the majority of Angel heavy stages and working very well on many stages with low number of peons. While he may be similar to Ramen, his Dodge and higher stats can let him work better on some Angels such as Sleipnir. Even outside of Angels he is still capable of both tanking and dealing high damage to enemies in the correct circumstances, making him an excellent unit to bring around."
