Headmistress Jeanne,4,Ubers and Legends
"Headmistress Jeanne is an outstanding specialist Backliner with Insane Damage against Red and Floating enemies. She packs a base DPS of 3900, 400 range with LD (200 to 550 range) and a quick attack frequency of 2.9s. She has 20 Speed, 54k HP and 4 KBs, as well as a 116.5s CD."
"Jeanne's entire build is made specifically for the purpose of countering Floating enemies, melting them with 23.2k effective LD DPS. With her fast attack rate, she can easily handle multiple waves of Floating peons like Brollows or Li'l Bun Buns. The LD gives her splash damage, allowing her to hit staggered clusters of peons or midrangers (like Owlbrows, Mooth variants, Gobbles) which other anti-Floating specialists might struggle with. It also helps her reach Capies standing behind the frontline. These abilities don't help her as much versus Red enemies however. Still, she's a great anti-Red specialist through her damage alone. Her high speed and quick attack frequency also make her fantastic for pinning down dojo bosses of her target traits. Her blindspot is negligible at just 200, and you'll almost never see anything entering it other than a Shy Boy."
"Her dangerous speed is also one of her most fatal flaws. It cuts down on her survivability, which is already pretty average owing to her HP/KB values, and mediocre standing range. Her base DPS is subpar, and her small 150 piercing range makes her painfully mediocre as a general Sniper. Even within her target traits, she struggles to snipe backliner enemies like Professor A or Calamary effectively. Her cooldown is average for a Backliner, but due to her low survivability it falls short sometimes."
"Jeanne outclasses almost every other specialist in her traits by raw damage alone. Her usability as an anti-Floating is unbeatable, and only few anti-Reds can match up to her. As a generalist, her damage is lacking for a Backliner of her range, and she lacks the piercing range to be an effective general Sniper."
