Sakura Sonic,4,Ubers and Legends
"Sakura Sonic is a good dedicated anti-Metal Backliner with 420 range and 3900 DPS, as well as 45.9k HP and 4 KBs. She targets Metal, with a 100% chance to inflict Slow and Weaken, both for 3.33s to 4s. She also has a 5% chance to perform a Critical Hit and resists Metals (Insane Resistance in TF). In addition, she is immune to Weaken and Slow. With talents, she gains both Wave and Surge immunity as well as 100% Survive. She costs 4200 to deploy and has a 111s Cooldown."
"Sakura Sonic's main usage is her debuffs, both coming in at around 50% uptime. This, coupled with her area attack, allows for very powerful Metal stalling power. In the case the Metals do push, her Resistant ability allows her to soak up hits as a last line of defense with 320k effective HP in True Form, able to easily use all her knockbacks and survive a long time in even the most hard-hitting Metal stages. Her crit is rare, but when it does land her base damage is extremely high and it can change the tide of battle. She has a HP Up Sm combo with Waitress, who you will often bring alongside her anyway in Metal Stages, and in TF, she also gains a single slot combo with +1% crit chance, which can make a huge difference to your spammable low crit rate units like Camera, Catasaurus, etc. With talents, she also becomes one of the very few units in the game to have both Wave and Surge Immunity. These abilities offer some additional value outside of her Metal niche if you lack other options, though her stats fall short of making her anything special in these roles. Wave Immune in particular makes her extremely effective against Koronium. Her Slow and Weaken Immunities, while good, rarely see use given how unlikely you are to use her on a mixed enemy stage."
"As an anti-Metal Uber, Sakura Sonic's crit chance is very low, and using her for crits is at best unreliable. And while her CC is strong, it can often be replaced by cyclone drop units. Her DPS is also rather low, being more than 1000 less than a standard Backliner despite being on the lower edge of the Backline range class, giving her overall very poor use outside of Metals. Her TF may also be considered expensive for some, costing 15 Purple Catfruits. Her Wave and Surge immunities are held back by her poor generalist stats, being outclassed by almost every other uber that has these immunities. In fact, her performance as a Wave immune uber is only slightly better than pre-TF Musashi, which is unacceptable for the NP cost involved, really. These talents should be understood as a last resort if you have no other Wave/Surge Immune units to fall back on when the need for them arises."
"Overall, Sakura Sonic is a great addition for any Metal stage with her CC and combo. In general use however, she falls far behind other options. Her usage as a Wave/Surge immune backliner is very poor, but if you have literally no other options within the role, her talents might help."
