Midsummer Rabbit,4,Ubers and Legends
"Midsummer Rabbit is an average Backliner and Support unit with 49k HP and 6 KBs, 4950 cost and 4100 DPS at 465 range. Both forms target Black/Angel but while the First Form has a 5.6s (with full treasures) 100% Slow proc, Evolved Form has the Strong ability. Her cooldown is 131.2s."
"Midsummer Rabbit's lengthy Slow in First Form is extremely effective on both of her target traits as they contain a plethora of rushing/pushing units, with a good 60% uptime to control them. Her high KB count helps her reposition multiple times after receiving even the slightest touch, further enhancing her performance in this role. In Evolved Form, the extra effective HP (122k) from Strong allows her to make full use of this high KB count even against heavy hitters, giving her great survivability for a Backliner. Alongside this, her high range and Strong-boosted 7400 DPS make her a very effective attacker against her traits in this form. In general, her slightly above average standing range can be quite useful for early-game Backliners such as THE SLOTH and Master A since she outranges them quite comfortably."
"Since Black and Angel enemies have low endurance, they can often be knocked out of Midsummer Rabbit's range before her attack lands, and thus avoid being slowed for at least another 9 seconds until she can attack again. This can lead to a fatal gap in your CC and end a run if you rely on her alone. Her Evolved Form's attacker build also loses DPS from this issue, and struggles to deal with hard-pushing Gory Black or SBK waves with her slow attack rate. Lastly, her low backswing compared to her attack cycle can lead to her advancing too far forward between attacks, creating unnecessary risk for her. Her general performance is inadequate outside of early game, with low DPS and overall little to stand out over even no-gacha options."
"While her Slow proc can be nice, there are already quite a few non-Uber choices that a player can use to deal with them; Pizza will easily defeat most lower ranged Blacks much faster than her, Bomber will outperform her on CC against them, and talented Sanzo makes her redundant in controlling shorter ranged Angels too. There isn't really any particular stage that she shines incredibly well on, but she can remain a decent choice against bigger ranged Blacks and Angels like Le'Noir and Sleipnir. Her many abilities are all a little bit awkward due to her attack cycle, leaving us a unit which is underwhelming in its specialist capacity as well as general use."
