Bunny & Canard,4,Ubers and Legends
"Bunny & Canard is a decent Target Only backline Nuker. In First Form, Bunny and Canard targets only Red and Black enemies; in Evolved Form (Disciple Psychoduck), he targets only Red and Zombie enemies; and in True Form (Malevolent Mad-Duck), he targets only Red and Aku enemies. In all forms, he has 116k HP, 13.7k DPS, 430 range and 2 KBs. He attacks every 8 seconds with a 2.33s foreswing. He also has a 158 second Cooldown with 5910 cost. As a bonus, Canard also has Immunity to Freeze and Slow in First Form, Zombie Killer in Evolved Form, and Immunity to Toxic and Surge in True Form."
"As is common for Target Only Ubers, Bunny & Canard has amazingly high stats; his high HP allows him to tank a few hits from unburrowing Zombies / wave / LD enemies (such as Tackeys) without flinching and reliably follow through with his powerful attack. His high DPS is well suited to cut down Red enemies, as most are rather tanky, and his First Form's Slow and Freeze Immunity come in handy in stages such as Conservation Society and Adventurer’s Journal where a Freeze/Slow using enemy is protected by Red or Black peons. For Akus, Mad-Duck's raw power cuts through even Shielded Akus decently while also having the bulk and range to safely counter threats like Fallen Bear. Surge Immunity not only improves his performance against Akus with Death Surge, but also late game Red enemies with Surge, namely Raynard and Red EnerG."
"However, Bunny & Canard also has some issues. Firstly, his very high cost, while not really an issue on most Black or Red stages, negatively impacts his usage on Zombie and Aku stages, as most are rather cash tight. Besides that, the inability to damage more than two traits in any given form renders him near-entirely useless in many stages where incompatible mixed-trait enemies get in the way. While his bulk is substantial, his low KB count often means that if enemies get in range to attack him, he will inevitably die with little opportunity to reposition and try again. His long attack cycle and foreswing exacerbates the problem, leaving long periods of time where heavy melee Black/Aku swarms or unburrowing/reviving Zombies can exploit this weakness. In early Aku Realms, the Level Seal completely ruins him as he has nothing but stats to rely on, and in later Aku Realms the fact that he cannot target Black or Zombie at the same time as Aku means many key non-Red mixed stages such as Aku Moon (which Toxic Immunity is likely designed to counter) become much less viable for him, and the biggest Shielded Akus which basically require a dedicated piercer can almost laugh off his attacks. Lastly, as with most Target Only units, he can be especially vulnerable in end game where Curse is rampant and can completely disable his targets."
"In conclusion, while obviously useless against all but four traits, Canard is an excellent Red Nuker and a great option for Aku enemies with plenty of power, bulk and Surge Immunity at his disposal. However, low KB count and high cost might hinder his usage in Zombie stages, and his slow attacks hurt both his Zombie and Black killing prowess. In the latter trait, Pizza is a more than a satisfactory Nuker the majority of the time, without the cost/cooldown overheads of an Uber. "
