Vars,4,Ubers and Legends
"Vars is a backline attacker with 5500 DPS at 460 range, and 77k HP with 3 KBs. On top of this he has a 50% chance to inflict each of Knockback and a 5s Slow on Black enemies, and with talents can target Relic too. He costs 5610 to deploy and has a 145s Cooldown."
"Vars's general strengths are his high stats, most importantly high standing range that allows him to outrange enemies like Le'boin variants, Sloth, and Master A; good DPS that provides a consistent stream of damage during the battle; and good survivability with his high HP and respectable KB count that ensures he survives for a substantial amount of time. All of these traits create a strong generalist Backliner that can be brought almost anywhere. His CC role, especially against Relics, is also reliable, with a 75% chance to inflict at least one proc. Combined with his fast attack rate, this easily controls many dangerous Relics such as Othom, M. Ost, and Relic Bun Bun."
"Vars's first main flaw is his anti-Black niche. Since many units, including Vars himself can KB the majority of Blacks through damage alone, Vars's CC ability is not effective against these enemies. Stronger Blacks such as Dark Otter and Razorback are more easily dealt with using Bomber for CC, so Vars is also ineffective vs those enemies, rendering his anti-Black niche lackluster except against Le'Noir, who he can counter well. A final shortcoming of Vars's CC is that it can cause ""Mizli Syndrome"", where Vars KBs a frontliner into a backliner's range, causing many of your cats to walk forward and die. While this does not happen often with Vars, it can still leave him undesirable on stages such as Heron's Call and Mince Hill. Finally, a minor weakness Vars has is his high cost, making him a subpar choice for cash tight stages."
"As a strong generalist for early and midgame, and an exceptional role in late game Relic stages, Vars is a relevant uber who has many uses throughout the game. Particularly his anti-Relic CC role is especially valuable as it is a very rare niche to find. Outside of his niches however, Vars's role is rather generic and equally filled by more accessible units like Ururun. In conclusion, despite his general role being semi-replaceable by no-gacha units, his niche as Relic CC is extremely valuable and he will be a good addition to your roster in late game."
