Shining Amaterasu,4,Ubers and Legends
"Amaterasu is an amazing generalist backline attacker. In Evolved Form, she has 50.7k HP with 4 KBs, 455 range, 17k base Damage and 2600 base DPS. Her main ability is to deal Massive Damage to all Traited enemies. Her True Form increases her base DPS to 3500, although her TF is locked behind SoL completion. She comes with a 125s Cooldown."
"Amaterasu has above average stats across the board but her biggest strength is her very large effective DPS at a very good range. Her 14.1k effective DPS is among the strongest out of any generalist Backliner in the game. She can crush almost all Traited enemies that she outranges. Being able to target all traits grants Amaterasu extreme versatility. Her attacks are also very consistent; she has decent attack speed and a quick attack animation. Her survivability is also great, having good health and above-average knockback count. Talents also grant her Zombie Killer, which makes her a very competent anti-Zombie, countering Cadaver Bear in particular very well."
"Amaterasu doesn't have many weaknesses; her only weakness on the battlefield is struggling versus tanky Traitless enemies who can almost ignore her presence, and in stages with a mix of Traitless and Traited enemies. While she does shred through the Traited enemies, bulky Traitless enemies will remain almost unscathed, hold the front line, and severely limit the pressure she can exert on the enemy. Also, her True Form, while giving her great improvements, requires an Epic Catfruit Seed (which you can only obtain after completing SoL). Amaterasu before True Form and talents is still very very decent, but isn't as gamebreaking as she is with True Form and talents."
"Overall, Amaterasu is an outstanding generalist backline attacker. Her versatility combined with her DPS creates many opportunities to use her. She destroys many generic SoL and event stages. She can also perform well in UL but it's harder to use her due to her lack of Curse Immune/Resist."
