Shiro Amakusa,4,Ubers and Legends
"Shiro Amakusa is a poor anti-Black/Aku Backliner. His stats are 4900 DPS, 54k HP with 3 KBs, 420 range and 138 seconds Cooldown. Amakusa deals Massive Damage against Black enemies and Akus, has a triple Multi-Hit which evenly spreads his attack damage, and he is Surge Immune. His First Form has overall worse stats than his Evolved Form, so use Evolved Form at all times."
"His main strength lies in his high effective DPS of 14.6k against Akus and 19.4k against Black enemies with relevant treasures, enabling him to quickly shred such enemies provided they are kept away from him. Against weaker Aku Shields, such as Fallen Bear's, Amakusa is capable of quickly breaking them with sheer brute force thanks to this DPS, working faster sometimes than a unit with Shield Pierce would. With Surge Immune and Backliner range, he can outrange most Surge threats and provide constant damage so long as he is supported by meatshields that can withstand such Surges."
"While Amakusa's strengths are few and straightfoward, his weaknesses are many and multifaceted. To begin, his lack of Shield Piercing as an Anti-Aku specialist is troubling, as a good portion of relevant Aku enemies depend on their Shields for a majority of their actual HP and can't be pushed or controlled until it is gone. Amakusa is hence very reliant on the Seal Level of the Aku Base, as he needs raw damage and hence as high a level as possible to function respectably against Shields, while the Pierce ability works just as well even with a low seal ability. On this note, while his Multi-Hit can be useful to allow him to break a Shield and damage the enemy's actual HP in a single attack cycle, this also causes Amakusa to regenerate his enemies Shields by causing a damage knockback, perhaps without harming them directly very much. Even against Black enemies or Shieldless Akus, Amakusa's attack has a fast tempo that often causes him to miss his 2nd and 3rd hits by KBing his foes on the 1st. With a long attack cooldown, Amakusa also tends to struggle against hordes of Black enemies or Aku Gories. Regarding his quality against tougher enemies that aren't easily KBed, the relevant choices in his traits are Le'Boin variants, to which Amakusa is also a poor choice due to barely outranging them by a mere 10 range. Though Amakusa does not get damaged by Surges, the same can't be said for most of the meatshields protecting him, potentially leaving him exposed to direct attacks and dying anyway. Finally, his below average DPS and range for a Backliner make him undesirable for general use."
"To wrap up, Shiro Amakusa is incompetent in most of his roles due to a lack of compatibility of his build with his niches. Against Black enemies, he has insufficient range to deal comfortably with his most compatible target and his awkward attack cycle makes him suboptimal elsewhere. Against Akus, he lacks the most important ability to properly dispatch them and is considerably hindered by the Seal Level mechanic, as he relies purely on stats. Against general Surge enemies, meanwhile, he has sufficient range to work but his DPS is poor for late game where such Surge threats are relevant. "
