Windy,4,Ubers and Legends
"Windy is a backline Nuker with Massive Damage against Floating enemies, 450 range, 51k HP, 5100 DPS with a 13.6s attack frequency and a 2.7s foreswing. She is excellent at exterminating almost all Floating enemies, and has great survivability with 6 KBs. Her talents include the standard defense and damage buffs, Freeze proc (2 seconds, 40% chance), Strengthen (50% increase at 50% HP), and Curse Immunity. Before True Form her stats are worse and generally not recommended."
"Windy's 5000 DPS at a comfortable 450 range means she is a decent generalist Backliner, acting as a better C Baha/Ururun for early to mid-game. Her Massive Damage to Floating means she deals 276k effective damage in one shot to Floating enemies (20k effective DPS). Her decent health and high KB count means she can stay on the field for a long time and land more shots. She works especially well against tanky Floating enemies like Face variants, but generally nullifies almost all enemies with the Floating trait."
"Unfortunately, Windy has a long foreswing as well as a long TBA. Her long TBA means that she must land her shots, but her long foreswing may make it difficult to land her shots, especially against enemies with high KBs, such as Li'l Bun Bun. Also, Floating enemies are heavily powercrept by units that are of a lower rarity, such as Fishman and Cameraman. By late-game Windy is also outclassed as a generalist Backliner by A. Ururun who has higher DPS and is without her TBA and foreswing issues."
"Overall, Windy is a good generalist and also works extremely well in her niche. Even though Floating enemies are heavily powercrept, Windy is still extremely helpful in Floating-dominant stages due to her massive effective DPS and average regular DPS. However, long foreswing coupled with long TBA limits her effectiveness. Her Freeze talents are almost useless, but her Strengthen talents increase her destructive power and trigger at a decent amount of HP. Her Curse Immunity talents are of low priority, as there are almost no end-game stages that need a backline Nuker with Curse Immunity."
