Madoka Kaname,4,Ubers and Legends
"Madoka Kaname is a very good LD attacker with 550 standing range and 450 to 800 attacking range, 3500 base DPS, 43k base HP, 4 KBs, ~2 minute CD, and 20 Speed. In addition, she is Strong against Floating enemies and has a 100% chance to Slow them for 3 seconds (3.6 with maxed out anti-Floating Fruit Treasures)."
"Madoka performs very well as an generalist LD attacker, standing at an excellent 550 range with average DPS for an LD unit of her range class. Sporting a great piercing range of 250, she is able to snipe most recurring enemy backliners in the game using a shorter-ranged frontliner as stepping stone. In addition, Madoka's cooldown allows her to be stacked quite nicely, and her high movement speed allows her to easily infiltrate blindspots of super long-ranged LD enemies such as Croakley, Hackey, Queen B, and Queen Mother V. Lastly, Madoka's Strong ability boosts her effective DPS against Floating enemies up to a high 6200, and her effective HP up to a very high 108k. This allows her to deal significantly more damage to Floating backliners such as Calamary, I.M Phace or Othom, while also being able to survive more hits from Floating enemies and reposition herself more safely."
"Madoka's high speed is also one of her main weaknesses, however. It often leaves her prone to clipping into the enemy frontline after landing an attack, which can hurt her survivability significantly. Additionally, she has a very large blindspot of 450. This is a problem against short/midrange pusher enemies who can easily infiltrate it, though this issue can be solved by supporting Madoka with additional attackers that can fill her blindspot. Since such short-ranged pushers such as Bun Bun variants and Shy Boys are very common in most relevant Floating-heavy stages, though, it is not an ideal build for her role. Last but not least, Madoka's Slow has a low uptime of only ~37% (~44% with maxed out anti-Floating Fruit Treasures), which is notably bad against the aforementioned short-ranged Floating pushers."
"Overall, Madoka is a great general LD Sniper with very good stats across the board. Her anti-Floating niche is less impressive, though, and more limited to backliners, as shorter-ranged Floating enemies are dealt with more easily with common anti-Floating units like Sanzo, Cameraman and Fishman. Despite the survivability problems that arise from her high speed and very short backswing, Madoka can perform very well as an LD attacker throughout the whole game."
