Kyosaka Nanaho,4,Ubers and Legends
"Kyosaka Nanaho is an excellent Sniper, with a wide LD area of 300 to 750 and a standing range of 400. She has Zombie Killer, as well as Barrier Breaker and 50% chance to produce a Critical Hit on the second hit of her multi-hit, and also Insane Resistance against Metal enemies. She also has a DPS of around 5200, 51k base HP with 7 KBs and the Survive ability. She moves with 15 Speed, and has a cooldown of 118s with 4050 cost."
"The main selling point of Nanaho is her ability to counter many enemies. As mentioned previously, she has a wide range of abilities. This means you can go into a stage blindly, or throw her into a team for a stage you already know about, and can even beat Zombies, Metals, and Starred Aliens with barriers, which is not something most units can do. Her 5200 LD DPS is on the higher side of units with similar range, allowing her to act as a general Backliner or Sniper and work fine. Her 7 KBs and Survive also give her many chances to reposition herself and with her decent HP means she has good survivability overall. Furthermore, her anti-Metal DPS is one of the highest in the game and very reliable. Her Insane Resistance towards Metal (360k effective HP), while not the best ability for this role, can also help her use all of her many KBs against Metal enemies more effectively, as well as occasionally tank for long enough to get out another crit before repositioning."
"While Nanaho has great piercing range, her inner range is very narrow and easy to get into. This does not pair well with her abilities to counter Zombies, Metals and Starred Aliens with barriers, as many such enemies are melee range. Zombies in particular with revive and burrow can pose a problem. Her Barrier Breaker and crit being only on the second hit only does not help here either. Her high-ish speed can also hurt her at times, as she can push too much into the enemy frontline, losing a chunk of her already limited inner range."
"Overall, the weaknesses can hinder Nanaho's performance a bit, but she is still excellent at doing all the jobs she is meant to, and can be thrown into almost any lineup against almost any stage and she works, whether she is there for breaking barriers, Z-Killing Zombies, critting on Metals, or just being a good general Sniper."
