Splendid Ganesha,4,Ubers and Legends
"Splendid Ganesha is an excellent Long-Distance attacker. He has 400 range (275 to 725 LD) with a base DPS of 3600, with +50% Strengthen, triggered at 80% HP remaining. He has 59.2k base HP with 5 KBs, a 2.66s foreswing, and 115s CD. His True Form is essentially locked behind completing 1 Crown SoL to obtain an Epic Seed, but boosts his already good HP to 66.8k and improves his Strengthen ability from +50% to +100% power. With talents this can be further boosted to +150% power."
"Ganesha has great stats across the board. His DPS initially does not seem great, but his Strengthen ability quickly increases it to a respectable 5400 in Evolved Form, a formidable 7200 in True Form, and an insane 9000 with the talent, on par with some of the best LD attackers in the game like Kasli. Ganesha's high HP and 5 KBs combined with the activation threshold of 80% HP means he only needs to be knocked back once to be at full power, and is not left in critical condition by doing so. This ease of activation allows him to deal high consistent damage without a risky setup. His effective range is also great. Ganesha has a great 325 piercing range, which means he has no trouble sniping enemy midrangers and backliners, even super backliners like Camelle."
"While Ganesha has very high strengths, there are weaknesses to keep in mind. His DPS may be slightly underwhelming in late 1* SoL stages, though this is fixed in True Form. His standing range is small relative to other units with his backline-style usage, who ideally have at least 450 range. Enemies such as THE SLOTH variants with higher standing range or fast pushers like Cadaver Bear can deal high damage to Ganesha. Additionally, though his blindspot is not huge, when paired with his long foreswing, it can be infiltrated by fast low-range pusher enemies like Angelic Gory. Ganesha's worst matchup is against Mr. Mole, due to Ganesha's long foreswing causing him to get interrupted easily. This weakness can be averted with a Knockback Immune talent, but this lowers his general survivability and is not recommended for standard use."
"Ganesha serves as a very valuable Long-Distance attacker throughout the entire game. While there are enemies that can give him a hard time, his sheer DPS lets him slay some of SoL and UL's most notorious stages and makes him well-deserving of a spot in many stages throughout. Ganesha is also one of the best candidates for investment via Catseyes and NP. Level increases paired with Ganesha's Strengthen and Attack Buff talents give him almost unrivaled DPS."
