Cornelia,4,Ubers and Legends
"Cornelia is a subpar backline Support unit with 410 range, 27 Speed, 27k HP with 4 KBs, and 3100 DPS. She has a 30% chance to Freeze Red/Black for 4.8s with full treasures. Her deploy cost is 3750 and she has a 61s respawn rate."
"Cornelia's main advantage is being able to Freeze Red/Blacks for a long duration. Her incredibly fast respawn time also helps get more of her on the battlefield, allowing them to stack and permafreeze with some luck. Alongside her duplicability is a short attack rate of meaning she is constantly dealing damage and giving her more chances to proc."
"Cornelia's biggest flaw is her high 27 speed. She outspeeds both Eraser and Manic Eraser whilst also leading to issues of speed clipping, meaning her standing range is often lower than it actually looks on paper and lowers her survivability. Her problems do not stop there, though. While she does have a decent KB count, it is extremely hard to keep her alive due to her low base HP in combination with her suicidal speed causing her to take unneeded damage. This is especially prominent as one of her supposed traits that she counters is Black, of which all units push extremely hard, and she will disappear in the blink of an eye if her Freeze doesn't activate. Her proc should be looked upon as a bonus rather than a consistent CC effect as 30% is far too low to activate reliably. There's also the problem of her niche being completely outshadowed by iCat and Bomber; both of which have a 100% proc chance against their respective traits. This means it's a niche that doesn't exactly require an Uber (at least one of her specifications) to cover despite her range advantage over both of them. She also is borderline useless as a generalist Backliner, with her poor survivability, subpar range and garbage DPS making her incredibly replaceable by even pre-TF Ururun/C. Baha as a generalist Backliner."
"As long as iCat and Bomber exist, Cornelia will always be bullied out of being a first choice in any player's lineup. Her reliability even functioning as a ranged Freeze proc unit is called into question due to her abysmal activation chance where you would consider replacing her with a unit that provides raw damage instead."
