Relentless Gladios,4,Ubers and Legends
"Relentless Gladios is a decent backline attacker and anti-Traitless Support unit. In True Form, Gladios has a 100% chance to KB Traitless enemies, as well as a 100% chance to proc Slow for 5 seconds. He has a large amount of HP in True Form (122.4k) with 3 KBs, 4 Speed, and costs 5625. His DPS is 4800 at 440 range and has a 2s foreswing. In Evolved Form, he has less bulk and only 50% proc chance, but can still largely be used the same way with just more RNG involved. His cooldown is 154.53s."
"Gladios core strength is his anti-Traitless ability, which has a Slow uptime of 54% and a Knockback every 9 seconds. As the list of Traitless enemies features a plethora of bosses or melee threats you will want to keep your distance from, such as Manic Eraser, R. Ost and Kory, Gladios's uncommon capability to hold back these threats lets him shine in a good number of situations. As a generalist Backliner, Gladios's average offensive capability is made up for by his very high HP, which give him good survivability and allow him to fully utilize his damage knockbacks even in late-game stages, letting him be used a better Crazed Bahamut/pre-TF Ururun for most of early to mid-game."
"Gladios weaknesses begin with the standard high cost and long recharge of Dragon Emperors, along with a long-ish foreswing and a sluggish speed. When compared to no gacha anti-Traitless CC options, such as Glass and Tourist, Gladios will fail in scenarios where the player's backline is at constant risk, such as Kappy and Uril, without special setups. To further worsen his case, anti-Traitless super backline units such as Cyberpunk and Sniper the Deadeye can often perform similarly well, but safer. Gladios's Area KB + Slow at 100% chance also makes him undesirable on stages with enemy backliners where he can cause your units to suicide, or “Mizli Syndrome”. As a generalist, Gladios has just average DPS, being replaceable by Awakened Ururun in late-game once she is unlocked."
"Overall, Gladios is a useful early-to-mid game Uber who works well at controlling Traitless enemies, and offers sufficient generalist potential throughout mid-game. As the player advances through the game and unlocks more reliable generalists and anti-Traitless CC options such as advent drops, Gladios ends up retired as he has neither amazing abilities or stats to stand out above his competitors."
