Ranma Saotome (M),4,Ubers and Legends
"Ranma Saotome is a good midrange anti-Red and Floating Nuker. He has 61k HP with 4 KBs, 18 Speed, a three stage multi-hit attack with equal damage on each strike, and Massive Damage against Floating and Red. With a fast attack cycle of around 5s, he has about 5300 base DPS in total. His attacks also have the Omnistrike ability with effective range 400 to -600, and he stands at 325. He has a slightly steep 4200 cost for a unit of his class, and an average 91s CD. First Form and Evolved Form have identical stats, but First Form has Slow Immunity while Evolved Form has Freeze Immunity."
"The biggest strength of this unit is his potency as a Red/Floating counter. With a rapid attack rate and a great 21.3k effective DPS against his traits, he can remove compatible Red/Floating enemies with haste. Omnistrike improves his accuracy and helps him clear peons before they reach the front line. Slow and Freeze immunities also grant him some extra versatility against enemies with those effects."
"Ranma's low standing range is his biggest weakness. Even against his target traits, he cannot be used against backliners effectively. Red/Floating midrangers like Capy and Owlbrow also directly outrange him and can cripple him in just a few hits, though his Omni piercing lets him still counter such threats if a stepping stone is present. Even enemies he outranges are dangerous to him outside of his traits, as his poor standing range means they can push to him quite quickly. Combined with his underwhelming base DPS for his range class, which cannot deal with most non-Red non-Floating threats before they can reach and hurt him, this makes him not really worth using as a generalist. All of these factors reduce the domain in which he is most effective to just nuking melee range Floating and Red enemies, and there are non-Uber units that can fill this role in most situations, like Camera for Floating especially. Finally, his multi-hit can work against him, causing enemies to be knocked back and rebound-attack without taking Ranma's full damage head on, lowering his effective DPS against enemies with high KB counts. Magnified Brollows, especially, can be a problem in the late game."
"In conclusion, Ranma is quite a limited Uber, only being able to counter frontline and some midrange Red and Floating enemies well. While this role is somewhat narrow and replaceable, he is very good at it and can be a valuable addition to your collection. With his overall questionable survivability, he isn't really suited for usage outside of Red/Floating, however you could still make him work if you have absolutely no other options, especially when you can utilize his debuff immunities."
