Eva Unit-08,4,Ubers and Legends
"Eva-08 is a good LD Sniper with 450 standing range, 250 to 700 effective range, and 4100 DPS distributed evenly across three multi-hits. Additionally, she can inflict Weaken / Freeze / Knockback on Floating enemies, with a 20% proc rate for each. Weaken and Freeze last for 4 to 4.8s depending on treasures. She also has 4 KBs, 61.2k HP, 13 Speed, and costs 4575 to deploy with 145s CD."
"Eva-08 is a good Support unit to bring for stages with Floating backliner enemies (like Calamary / Othom / Gobble), thanks to her LD, high standing range, and high proc rate. Her Freeze and Weaken proc have a solid 50 to 60% uptime and multi-hit raises her effective proc rate to an 87% chance of at least one debuff per attack cycle. Her 250 blindspot is small, and can be defended easily with good meatshielding. Her DPS makes her also effective as a general LD Sniper. You can use her to chip down backliner enemies like Master A or Sloth variants. She has good survivability owing to her decent KB count, high standing range, and high HP for her role."
"Eva-08's fatal flaw is her inconsistency. Often, you'll need a specific debuff from her in your strategy. Which debuff you get is completely random, and bad luck could ruin your setup. Her rapid multi-hit also has massive downsides. If one of the hits knocks back an enemy (either through damage or through proc), then the following hits will miss. This reduces both her DPS and her CC consistency and is especially problematic when using her on stages with low-endurance enemies like Sir Rels, Brollows, or Black / Angel peons. While LD generally saves her from Mizli Syndrome, it can still hurt her on stages with super backliner enemies, or mixed-traited enemy backliners (like Baron Mooth 11-20 and Poison Bog Cure). It should also be noted that her cooldown is above average too."
"Eva-08 stands as a decent anti-Floating Support unit, with generalist Sniper potential as well. Her raw stats are decent, and she has a high proc rate. She's held back by her rapid multi-hit, and the inconsistency of her CC. You can still get good value from her on almost any stage with a Floating backliner. As an LD Sniper, she has passable stats, but nothing too special."
