Strike Unit R.E.I.,4,Ubers and Legends
"Strike Unit R.E.I. is a good anti-Floating Midranger and subpar generalist Midranger, with a base DPS of 6100, and Massive Damage as well as Insane Resistance to Floating. With talents, R.E.I. also gains up to a 40% chance Freeze for 4s, Toxic immunity, and 100% Survive. She has 42.5k HP with 5 KBs, 91s Cooldown, 4110 cost, 400 range, and 24 Speed along with Slow Immunity. Her Evolved Form has somewhat worse stats with only regular Resistance and less DPS, but is still usable as an anti-Floating Midranger."
"R.E.I. in True Form has good generalist DPS for midrange standards. Her KB count and short cooldown help keep her alive, and with up to 300k effective HP in True Form with max treasure, she can take a lot of punishment from Floating enemies, while her 24k effective DPS allows her to cut through them quickly. With her talents, she can even take punishment from Toxic enemies like Gobble. Her talents also bestow upon her a somewhat consistent Freeze ability that further establishes her dominance over Floating enemies. This is primarily useful on stages where traditional CC units like Sanzo or Necrodancer would not work well due to Toxic threats, higher range enemies or Brollow. She can also be a valuable asset on stages with Floating bosses that don't give you much time to build a stack, like Technocracy. Her relatively high speed gives her some Rusher potential on stages where it is needed, and her Slow Immunity has minor utility on some stages with enemies like Croakley and Queen B."
"R.E.I., even in True Form, suffers from questionable survivability. Her base HP would be passable on a Backliner but she lacks the range needed to effectively survive at this level of bulk, and her rather high speed isn't helping her stay out of danger either. Even though her speed might be passable for a generalist midranger her stats simply are not up to par for the role. While she can tank Floating enemies for quite a while, she won't last remotely as long on mixed stages (which a lot of Floating enemy stages are). Even on pure Floating stages, enemies like Bun Buns and Brollows can cut through her defenses quickly when they appear in large numbers. While R.E.I's pure DPS vs Floating is never strictly bad, if you want to just clear frontline enemies, a stack of Cameramen will perform just as well. Similarly, for CC, Sanzo or Necrodancer will perform better than her Freeze talent but with much less investment. For higher-ranged threats, R.E.I's long foreswing and lack of piercing range means she will tend to just hits peons that step out in front, and on the other side of things high-range Floatings (Mooth, Owlbrow, Calamary...) are typically easily-stalled by your meatshields so will not walk into her range. Her late game performance is also a little lacking with no Curse Immunity to handle Othom (440 max omni reach) or mixed Relic-Floating stages."
"While R.E.I. has huge specialist stats and good abilities on paper, she's somewhat limited in practice by her design. In most cases, her performance isn't radically better than non-Uber anti-Floatings like Fishman, Sanzo, or Cameraman, though with a very steep NP investment she can begin to stand out more due to Toxic Immunity to counter Gobble, and adding a CC ability to her already formidable anti-Floating arsenal. Ultimately it is hard to say the NP required to achieve this is worth it for most players. For a general-use Midranger, her poor HP tends to pull her down. All in all, she's a decent Uber with powerful abilities, but she is a bit lackluster outside her main role and sometimes even within her role."
