Holy Phoenix,4,Ubers and Legends
"Holy Phoenix (Head Rococo in True Form) is an average mid-range Crowd Controller that targets Floating, Black and Alien in all of his 3 forms. In True Form, his main abilities are Strong Against and a guaranteed Freeze that lasts from 3.33s to 4s, depending on fruit treasures. His base stats are 51k HP, 4 KBs 3500 DPS and 400 range. Additionally, his cost is 3600, his recharge is 91s and his speed is 18. It's not recommended to use him in First and Evolved forms as they lack the Strong ability and have inferior Freeze chance and stats, despite recharging faster and having cheaper cost."
"Head Rococo's strength lies in his effective stats. With full fruit treasures, his effective HP is 127.5k, allowing him to fully utilize his KBs in most scenarios, and his DPS is 6300, sufficient for him to act as a unit of his range. On this note, his range allows him to stand safely from a good portion of Floating and Black pushers, such as the Bun Bun family and Shadow Boxer K, as well as outrange Alien backliners such as Ursamajor and I.M. Phace, delivering his Freeze reliably thanks to his fast foreswing. As his HP is great against his targets, he can easily shrug off attacks from foes such as Tackey, or evade them completely thanks to his fast speed, as well as exploit attacks from Aliens with Warp to further enhance his survivability. Lastly, his cost is cheap and his recharge is fast, making it easy to recover or stack him."
"Outside his traits, Rococo is a pretty underwhelming unit, having inferior DPS for his range class and struggling to survive if he is at constant risk. Against his own traits, his slow attack rate can be problematic against the horde nature of Floating and Black enemies, who tend to quickly reinforce their frontlines with sheer numbers. His uptime is a mere 38% to 46%, which is easily obsoleted by lower rarity units such as Sanzo, Seafarer and Bomber, which all possess uptime superior or close to 100%, further limiting his usage to cases where you absolutely need his range or effective HP to win. As these 3 mentioned units, and a few others, already dominate a good portion of each of his traits, his 1st and 2nd form are also made obsolete, even under rarity or cost restrictions."
"All things considered, Head Rococo is a good uber to have during the early game, in the ItF and CotC sagas, especially because his TF is pretty cheap to obtain at 3 Green Catfruits, 3 Blue Catfruits and 1 Epic Catfruit, and his traits can be troublesome to deal with before you have a full repertoire of counters. As the player progresses, Rococo's fragility in mixed stages and the unlocking of more powerful Crowd Controllers causes him to fall in usage considerably, though he may still find the chance to shine in stages where his range and bulkiness against his traits are valuable, a very noticeable one being Cosmic Juggernaut."
