First-Love Myrcia,4,Ubers and Legends
"First-Love Myrcia is a subpar midrange Sniper, with 330 range and multi-hit that creates a Lv 3 Wave on the second attack. Her other core ability is Dodge against Red / Floating enemies with a 30% proc chance for 2 to 2.4s (depending upon ItF fruit treasures). Although her 4300 base DPS is poor for her range, her guaranteed wave raises it. She also has a good 68k HP with 4 KBs, and a 91s CD."
"Defensively, Myrcia's power lies in her ability to dodge attacks coming from enemies of her target traits. Notably, waves from Pigeons can help trigger her Dodge. Her cooldown is relatively fast for an Uber, and her KB count is decent for repositioning. Offensively, her level 3 waves carry 2800 piercing DPS and have a good 403 pierce, which is very much usable for mid-game sniping or chipping backline enemies. Her DPS also isn’t too bad for a Midranger, with 7100 effective DPS, should both the initial hits and wave connect."
"For weaknesses, her multi-hit can not only diminish her effective DPS and lengthen the time in which her all-important wave attack can be interrupted, but also knock away low-endurance foes and peons, making her second hit miss and hence not proc the wave. This limits Myrcia's Sniper capability to situations with bulky or fast stepping stones. Her wave attacks often eliminate groups of peons which she could have utilized to trigger her Dodge, making her abilities work against one another. When it comes to her Red/Floating niche, she lacks any extra defensive skill to support her Dodge, forcing her to rely completely on luck, at which point a 30% chance alone is not reliable enough to be regularly useful."
"In the end, despite having an array of special abilities (multi-hit, wave attack, Dodge), Myrcia fails to be competent in most of her roles. Against Red / Floating enemies, you are probably better off using more specialized units, but her Dodge could help in a situation where units are at constant risk, with some luck. As a Sniper, her wave reach is decent, but overall DPS is as low. Other free options like Hermit Cat, Manic Macho Legs, and Awakened Mina exist, limiting her Sniper usage. As a redeeming point, she does have sufficient stats to act as a Midranger, but don't expect anything spectacular from her."
