HUGE HERMIT,4,Ubers and Legends
"HUGE HERMIT is a very poor melee Tanker that is Strong against Aliens. It has 56.7k HP and 1 KB. It also has 10.5k Single Target DPS at 166 range. Its cooldown is 35.6s, and is summoned at a cost of 3750. While its high DPS is enticing on paper, this unit has many flaws that render it highly outclassed by about any other anti-Alien or melee unit."
"HUGE HERMIT's only true strength is its high 18.2k effective DPS vs Alien enemies. It can put this DPS to use vs slower attacking or shorter ranged Alien enemies, such as Galactic Overseer Nyandam, Elder Sloth, Cyberhorn, Nimoy Bore, and Youcan. HERMIT will need support in order to work well versus the latter two, however."
"Every stat besides its DPS is what makes HUGE HERMIT truly terrible. Outside of Alien enemies (141.6k effective HP), HERMIT has a low HP for his range. Paired with its very short range of just 166, HERMIT tends to die very quickly. The base stats are comparable to Manic Island, both having similar range, HP, and DPS, but HERMIT has about 4x the recharge time and about 5x the cost of Manic Island. The low stats and high cost for its role make it worthless as a general Melee unit. Even against Aliens, its performance is pathetic. HUGE HERMIT has a very hard time even reaching stronger backline Aliens, let alone dealing high damage to them. A large part of this issue is a lack of helpful defensive ability other anti-Aliens and Tankers possess. Starred Aliens are a humongous problem for HERMIT because it isn't Warp Immune, which paired with its slow speed and lack of status immunities make it a bad candidate for entering enemy LD blindspots."
"HUGE HERMIT is an easy contender for one of the worst Ubers in the game. Its stat spread makes it practically unusable outside of Alien stages, and it is even underwhelming there. Finding stages that HERMIT can get even a small amount of use in is challenging due to powercreep leaving him behind in the dust. HERMIT is not worth considering in a serious attempt at beating any hard stage with Aliens in it, and it has no niche value in any other stage."
