Trickster Himeyuri,4,Ubers and Legends
"Fox Queen Himeyuri is a decent Backliner and good support unit with a 50% chance to Slow Floating and Angel enemies for 6s (7.2s with full treasures) with all three of her multi-hit attacks. She has 445 range with 5800 DPS, 52k HP and 5 KBs. Her deploy cost is 4740, her speed is 11, and she has a 115 second cooldown. Her CC quality, DPS and HP are a little worse before True Form, but she will function adequately without it, especially in the early game. With talents she gains Target Relic as well as Curse Immunity."
"Himeyuri's biggest strength is her consistent control against her target traits from a high range. She can safely outrange and effectively control many Angel enemies that Sanzo cannot, such as Angelic Sleipnir and Winged Pigge, and counter Floating boss enemies such as Bun-Bun variants while also laying down a good amount of DPS. Additionally, her multi-hit gives her an effective 88% chance to Slow at least once per attack cycle, making her quite consistent, and with treasures she is even able to permaslow Floating and Angel. She can also act as a general backline damage dealer, as her DPS and survivability make her a much better Crazed Bahamut, especially in True Form. Target Relic and Curse Immunity talents work well with her build to effectively control ranged Relics such as M. Ost, especially when they appear alongside Angels which is common in late game. Finally, she also has an extremely useful combo, Kimono Champs, one of only two Research Up L combos in the game."
"Himeyuri's biggest weakness has less to do with her, and more to do with the fact that before her talents, she shares her traits with Sanzo Cat, who more than adequately controls the majority of Floating/Angels. Sanzo is a spammable unit with extremely high uptime and is hence often preferable against swarms of shorter-ranged enemies, and longer ranged enemies tend to not need controlling as much. Additionally, her multi-hit can cause her subsequent attacks to miss against enemies with a high KB count like Angelic Gory or Li'l Bun Bun, reducing both her DPS and CC consistency. Lastly, her Relic CC's utility is limited by lacking the range or endurance to consistently deal with the many Relics with high standing range or piercing range, and alternatives such as Master Uril can provide similar or more effective results."
"Despite untalented Himeyuri targeting the same traits as talented Sanzo, she can outrange many enemies Sanzo could have trouble dealing with, and can also act as a nice backline attacker. She is very useful to have for some late game high magnification Sleipnirs or Floating enemies, with Curse Immunity and Target Relic complementing this well, and her combo utility is excellent."
