Warlock and Pierre,4,Ubers and Legends
"Warlock and Pierre is a unique Uber with the ""Target Only"" ability meaning it can only hit certain traits, and the enemy base. In First Form, it targets Alien and Floating. In Evolved Form, Alien and Angel. In True Form, only Alien. His base stats are, however, very substantial to make up for this; 105k HP with 2 KBs and 14k DPS at 430 range. Another unique factor is that his First Form is the only unit to have the ""Base Destroyer"" ability which multiplies his damage to the enemy base by 4. His other forms lack this, but Evolved Form gains a Double Money ability instead. Meanwhile, the True Form has various immunities to status effects and in exchange for now only targeting Alien, has a ridiculous 158k HP and 21k DPS, about 50% more than other forms. All forms have 6135 cost and 165s Cooldown."
"Warlock and Pierre is widely used to cheese stages. If you can get him to the enemy base, he can instantly rip ~400k HP off it in one hit, allowing you to bypass many challenges. His Target Only is a weakness at first glance, but for cheesing it becomes a strength, as it makes it easier to stack multiple Warlocks at the start of battle without killing anything. A handful of stacked Warlocks have sufficient damage to one-shot most enemy bases. Outside of cheesing potential, Warlock's amazing stats allow him to destroy most Alien, Angel, and Floating enemies in direct combat. In True Form, his stats become outright ridiculous, which, combined with his immunities to most of the common status effects which Aliens use, makes him a pure Alien killing machine. His Double Money ability (with area attack, and enough damage to reliably land killing blows) in Evolved Form is situationally useful in money-tight Angel stages, and never hurts to have in any case, helping pay for his large deploy cost. Finally, his True Form can access Wave, Warp and Curse Immune talents, filling out his anti-Status niche to cover later game Star Alien and Relic threats too."
"Of course, the most significant and obvious weakness is that Target Only essentially eradicates his general usage as he can only be used in Alien, Angel and Floating stages. A combination of high cost, long foreswing, slightly lower-end range for a backliner and KB count also hold him back to a lesser extent, but for the most part his strengths vastly outweigh his drawbacks when he can be used."
"Warlock is either literally useless against enemies that he cannot target, or utterly dominant against those he can. Pretty much solo-destroying three traits is already respectable, but his cheese potential is among the highest in the game too. A very valuable to own unit with irreplaceable abilities, and a top-level Alien counter."
