Kasli the Bane,4,Ubers and Legends
"Kasli the Bane (Dark Kasli) is an amazing surge Sniper. She creates a level 3 Surge (spawns 400 to 700) from 400 standing range (LD 275 to 675). Aside from these offensive capabilities, her defenses include 78.2k HP with 5 KBs, immunities to Wave, Weaken, Warp, Curse and Surge, and the rare Curse ability (100% chance, >100% uptime) which disables enemy status effects, so they cannot Slow/Freeze/etc any of your cats. Her cooldown is 125s."
"Dark Kasli is near unstoppable. Her main strength is her utterly overwhelming 12k LD+Surge DPS against all non-Metal enemies, drastically higher than even the next best general LD attackers. Her damage output would be considered excellent even on a non-LD Midranger (on par with a top Midranger like Keiji after his Strengthen triggers), but with a higher standing range than most Midrangers, 275 piercing range, and the lingering hitbox of surges improving her accuracy and consistency, it is truly a game-breaking level of power. She does more than enough damage to quickly melt annoying backliners while also juggling fast melee peons that repeatedly walk into the surge, countering most classes of enemies well. Many things that would prevent other units from doing their job are no issue for Dark Kasli. You cannot Weaken her, and there aren't that many status effect enemies out there, but when there are, her Curse severely limits the chance they will get a chance to Freeze, Slow, Knockback or Toxic her or your other units, completely breaking stages that rely on these gimmicks to create difficulty. Waves and Surges cannot affect her, and her bulk and high KB count give her considerably above average survivability. Beyond her raw DPS, she hard counters Relics by turning off their signature Curse ability, enabling your other units to function as usual in their presence, while being uncursable herself, dominating the late-game Relic meta better than any other unit. Access to the rare Surge Immune ability makes Kappy and Floor 50 considerably easier challenges, and she is a dominant anti-Wave unit."
"Dark Kasli is not infallible, despite her vast strengths. For one thing, she has a 275 range blindspot with only 125 inner range. It is rare that anything will bypass her bombardment of damage to infiltrate this blindspot, but faster or tankier peons may occasionally succeed. If her surge spawns at 700 range, most of her damage only hits from 450 to 825 range, making her effective blindspot bigger. Though at the same time, if it spawns at 400 range, it covers 250 to 525, and may cover more of her blindspot, but instead offer limited piercing. The randomness of this means sometimes she will be more vulnerable than normal, but make up for it with greater reach, or be less vulnerable than normal at a cost of less piercing power. She remains vulnerable to status effects (other than Weaken and Curse) until her first hit lands, and slower KB’d enemies might stay out of her attack zone for long enough to escape her curse and land a hit, so her Curse can be circumvented too, though often not an issue with proper setup. Curse can also turn off enemy Knockback or Warp abilities that sometimes help keep your units alive longer. These are, however, nitpicks that barely detract from her overall dominance in the game."
"Kasli the Bane is undeniably one of the best Ubers in the game. She holds her edge all the way into the endgame, and has few to no bad matchups. At least one of her sheer power, her Curse, her immunities, or her durability will find application in essentially any stage. Her weaknesses are minor, and usually just result in her falling back on another strength instead of failing entirely. If you own Dark Kasli, you have essentially won the game."
