Sniper the Recruit,2,Gacha Super Rares
"Sniper the Recruit is a good Super Backline CC unit with negligible HP and damage, 900 cost, 1000 range and a 158s cooldown. His attack delivers a guaranteed Knockback on any non-Metal enemy with a 10.7s attack frequency. His extremely long range combined with a reliable Knockback effect allows him to stay safe from almost all threats. Sniper's effectiveness is situational depending on the stage; his single target attacks prevent him from doing much on stages with enemy spam, but he is one of the single most effective control options for holding and regaining ground against lone, high-endurance bosses, especially Traitless ones with few other counters, like Crazed Wall variants or Uril. He has great synergy with Cyberpunk, knocking enemies out of Cyberpunk's blindspot and then double-teaming them with KB and Slow control together. Sniper also has a one-slot KB Distance Up (Sm) Combo, boosting his own KB effect as well as those of your other KBers just by being in your lineup. Unfortunately, Sniper the Recruit's pathetic HP means that the few enemies that can hit him at 1000 range, such as Berserkory, would quickly remove him from the field for up to 2.5 minutes of cooldown. Additionally his awful 2 Speed means he struggles to reach the frontline in time to help sometimes."
"In True Form, Sniper the Deadeye gains a guaranteed 3s Slow ability (3.6s with treasure), a faster 7.37s attack rate, and a boost up to a massive 1200 range. With these buffs, he becomes even more effective as an anti-Boss CC unit, KBing them more often and preventing them from regaining the lost ground. Sniper is now basically able to stall slower lone enemies indefinitely. His weaknesses are not fixed and his usage remains situational, but the late game has plenty of compatible stages for him to shine on, particularly as part of Cyberpunk lineups."
Useful to Own By: 
Crazed Cats
Useful to True Form By: 
"Mid-Late SoL, for improved CC versus various enemies"
