Waverider Kuu,4,Ubers and Legends
"Waverider Kuu is a below average Backliner with 400 range, 56k base HP with 5 KBs, and 4300 base DPS (47.6k Damage per hit). She has Strong Against Floating and Zombie enemies, and is equipped with Zombie Killer. Her cooldown is 131s."
"Waverider Kuu delivers notably high damage per hit, which is further amplified against her targeted traits by her Strong ability, which boosts her stats to reach 71k effective Damage, 6500 effective DPS, (86k Damage per hit and 7800 DPS with treasures) and an effective HP of 112k (140k with treasures). Her attack cycle is a bit faster than other Kuu variants, making her miss against burrowing Zombies a little less. Her range lets her comfortably hit Cadaver Bear and other ranged Zombies, and her high KB count is also decent for repositioning, with enough HP to reliably use all of them against her traits."
"Despite having a faster attack rate than her variants, it doesn't do enough to meet the challenges of Floating or Zombie enemies, and is still painfully too slow. She has a bad matchup against Floating type as they're infamous for rushing with high DPS and will often break through your defenses in between her attacks. You can fix this by using Rare/SR anti-Floatings to support her, but they will almost always do the job by themselves, so what is the point of Waverider Kuu? Even with her improved attack cycle compared to regular Kuu, it is still poor as a whole, and Zombies evade her attacks by burrowing, then later unburrow or revive in her hitbox and often interrupt her attack before she can hit them out of it. Her base stats are awful for her range, eliminating any general use even before her long TBA is accounted for."
"Waverider Kuu's target traits have an awful synergy with her build as a slow Nuker. While she's not completely useless against them, and can deliver large damage all in one concentrated hit to turn the tide of battle, she needs a good setup to work, else burrowing/unburrowing Zombie enemies and fast melee Floatings will run circles around her unless you’re using Sanzo or similar, at which point they are not a threat. Non-Uber alternatives will often work better. "
