Togeluga,4,Ubers and Legends
"Togeluga, or rather its True Form Shishilan Pasalan, is a very good backline attacker at 445 range with 51k HP and 100 KBs, 3000 base DPS with a 17s attack cycle and 3.5s foreswing, Wave Immunity and a +200% Strengthen at 99% HP and CD of 158s. Before True Form, it has a pathetic 850 HP and is of very limited use, and as with all Lugas, the First Form is unusable."
"While its base 3000 DPS may seem low, Shishilan's Strengthen ability very quickly increases it to an impressive 9000 strengthened DPS. Its activation threshold of 99% HP, paired with the insanely high knockback count means that virtually any hit from a weaker enemy can trigger the Strengthen, so Shishilan only needs to take very little damage to be at full power. This also boosts its base attack to deal an extremely high 153k strengthened Damage per hit to all enemies, meaning you often only need one good hit to land to turn the tide of battle. With excellent attacking power, a good standing range, as well as exceptionally good repositioning abilities, Shishilan is very capable as both a general Backliner and as a Wave Immune attacker with great compatibility against all recurring major wave enemies."
"Shishilan's main weaknesses are its very slow attack rate and long attack foreswing. Fast pusher enemies with a high knockback count, such as Gory variants or Shadow Boxer K, can easily push close in between its attacks and also effortlessly interrupt its attack animation if they manage to hit. If you get unlucky, Shishilan can also miss due to the enemy being knockbacked as Shishilan finishes his attack. Despite having a strong matchup vs wave enemies, other piercing attackers with LD or surge such as Dolphina, Tackey, Kappy, or St Dober hard counter Shishilan, as they are able to juggle it due to the high knockback count and long foreswing. These problems are very noticeable in late/end-game because many of its relevant stages include fast bruisers or LD enemies. Its slow attack rate and inability to fully tank even weak hits make Shishilan less reliable compared to backline attackers with faster attack rate – even Awakened Ururun – and render it completely useless in mixed stages with LD enemies. In late game, Shishilan no longer gets to exploit its main strength of high KB count as most enemies will begin to kill it in a small number of hits, leaving you with a slow attacker with fairly normal survivability."
"Overall, Shishilan is a very strong backline general Nuker with an excellent niche as an anti-Wave attacker. Its early to mid-game performance is exceptional. Due to a slow attack rate and long foreswing, however, it cannot deal well with fast, LD or surge enemies that become more prominent in the late-game, causing Shishilan to somewhat fall off more and more as you progress (and also likely obtain specialists with more than 9000 DPS in their niches). Despite these weaknesses, Shishilan remains a major carry unit in almost all wave stages in the game and can perform very well as a general Backliner until the late/end-game."
