Akira,4,Ubers and Legends
"Akira is a good backline attacker with CC against Aliens in First Form. He has 51k base Health in all forms, and 25.5k base Damage at 430 range. His DPS works out as 4900, and he has a slightly low 3 KBs for a backline attacker. His three forms all have different abilities. The First Form has a 50% chance to Freeze Aliens for 4s, the second has Strengthen by 50% at 50% health, and the third has Strong against Alien. All forms have 138s CD and Weaken Immune, while the 2nd and 3rd have Wave Immune. Inferno Akira has Strengthen and Freeze talents, and also Survive."
"Akira has sufficient DPS for his range and can act as a generalist Backliner, somewhat like a better C Baha/Ururun for most of early to mid-game, especially in Evolved Form with Strengthen. Freeze against Aliens is a useful niche throughout the game. In stages where Seafarer can't be used (either for restriction or enemies that outrange him), Akira works very well as a replacement. For the Evolved Form, activating strengthen brings Akira's DPS to a very respectable 7300. For the final form, Akira becomes an anti-Alien attacker with a very good effective HP of 127.5k, and effective DPS of 8800 (with full CotC treasures, which you may not have for most of the game). Talents allow him to take on the abilities of his normal and Evolved Forms, making him a very effective counter for any Alien threat. Wave Immune gives him a unique niche, and he can act as a generic Wave Immune Backliner. There are a few Alien and wave stages (such as Ajillo Highlands and Youcan stages) that Akira works very well in."
"Although Akira has a short TBA, he has an extremely long attack animation, which can cause him to miss very frequently. His KB count doesn't give him much survivability, especially since Strengthen triggers at an awkward 50% in Evolved Form, usually costing Akira 2 of his KBs to activate his Strengthen. The First Form can be replaced by Seafarer Cat in most situations. Overall, Akira is extremely replaceable, and does not bring anything extremely special to the current meta."
"Akira's versatility from his three forms gives him a good niche as both an attacker or a CC Support Uber. Even though Wave Immune isn't as rare amongst Ubers, it is still very valuable to have at all stages of the game. It may not be worth to invest in his talents, as there are other units that can benefit more from the NP. In summary, he is a generic attacker that works well against most enemies and within his niche, but because of his weaknesses, can be replaced easily."
