Saber,4,Ubers and Legends
"Saber is a powerful midrange LD Rusher with a solid healthpool of 51k HP, 5500 base DPS, a 2s attack rate, and a standing range of 350. Her LD range can hit between 150 to 500 in TF and she has 6 KBs with 36 Speed. She is an anti-Floating Uber with Massive Damage against her niche. She also has a fast 71 second Cooldown and costs 3900."
"Saber's main strength involves her very fast 2s attack speed, which allows her to put constant pressure on enemy forces. With 22k effective LD DPS, no Floating enemy can withstand her onslaught. Her LD and fast foreswing make it harder for her to miss her attacks and makes her a very good option in stages that send out large amounts of enemies at a time. She also has great survivability taking into account her many KBs, and a decently long backswing, plus her sizable HP stat makes it easier for her to fully make use of her high KB count. Her fast speed allows her to quickly enter blindspots and her fast cooldown and cheaper than average cost make it so that even if she were to fall, you usually could summon another to regain ground."
"Her biggest flaw is her underwhelming base damage. While she can deliver huge damage against her respective niche and can still apply pressure on other enemy types, she usually struggles when dealing with tankier opponents that aren't Floating, as they can usually shrug off a few of her hits, breach into your defense, and take off a good chunk of her health. There also comes the issue of most Rushers, in that they have suicidal tendencies, heading straight for the front, and leaving behind most, if not all, supports that could have aided them."
"Taking all of these things into account, we can see that despite her flaws, Saber is still a phenomenal Uber performing a similar role to D'artanyan/D'Arktanyan as an LD Rusher. Anti-Floating wise, she absolutely dominates against them, and can quickly finish primarily-Floating stages with ease. And taking into account that the current meta values Rushers, Saber would and should be a strong addition to any player’s account."
