Radiant Aphrodite,4,Ubers and Legends
"Radiant Aphrodite is an amazing general super-backline LD Sniper and a superb anti-Alien nuker with Massive Damage against them. She has 3400 base DPS with a 12s attack cycle at 600 standing range with 450 to 850 LD reach. She also has 44k HP with 4 KBs, 7 Speed and 131s Cooldown. Her True Form gives her slightly more HP at 52.7k but no increase in DPS/damage or interesting talents, so she is perfectly fine to keep in Evolved Form even when her TF becomes available in late game."
"Aphrodite's main strength comes from her huge standing range and LD reach, able to comfortably outrange most enemies in the game and snipe them from afar with a formidable 250 piercing range. It is not uncommon to even find Aphrodite can snipe the enemy base and destroy it before you have even finished dealing with the enemies on a stage, especially in Manic Mohawk/Eraser-like stages with a bulky boss. Her DPS is low compared to general purpose attackers, but for her range class it is very much adequate as it lets her deliver that DPS against targets that your typical generalist cannot reach at all. The combination of this amazing Sniper build with Massive Damage against Aliens, a trait infamously filled with many relevant backliners, is what truly defines her as an exceptional Uber to own. Her 14k effective DPS over a 400-width LD area completely destroys most if not all tricky Alien-heavy stages. Finally her slow movement speed combined with her high range keeps her far from danger, and even when enemies do reach her, her 4 KBs help extend her time on the field to the point where she rarely dies. In sufficiently long battles, you will often obtain a stack of Aphrodites, at which point you would struggle to lose."
"Having such a large standing range and maximum LD reach comes with the price of a huge 450 blindspot which can be infiltrated by melee and midrange enemies if not protected. Aphrodite’s long attack cycle provides ample opportunity for fast, hard-pushing enemies to break through your defenses and at the very least avoid her attacks, if not damage or kill her. Aphrodite's base DPS also becomes rather subpar for general use by the late stages of the game, as increasingly magnified enemy backliners will take too long to kill without other sources of damage."
"All in all, Aphrodite is one of the best Ubers in the game, granting a free win in many stages with her immense range, LD width, and dominating anti-Alien firepower. Aliens are one of the most common enemy types, especially in story chapters, so you will never run out of uses for her. While she does suffer from her large blindspot, long attack cycle and somewhat low base DPS, none of these are enough to outweigh her unique and overwhelming strengths."
