Ninja Cat,2,CF-Purchasable Specials
"Ninja Cat (Ninja Frog Cat) is a terrible Melee attacker and meatshield with Strong against Red. It is essentially a better Axe Cat, coming with 4100 HP with 3 KBs, 700 multihit DPS, 150 Range, 13 Speed, 300 cost and 2s Cooldown. These stats make it a very powerful spammable attacker in EoC, especially against Red (8200 HP / 1000 DPS), but render it useless for the rest of the game as Axe Cat variants sharply fall out of relevance, and attackers with higher stats or more range become available. Ninja Cat does however have decent combos, notably Cool Japan and Frog Prince. Its True Form, Flying Ninja Cat, gets a cost reduction from 300 to 225, goes down to 10 Speed, and loses multihit (though with no change to DPS). The True Form is also part of the Aerial Recon combo,a 4 slot Research Up M Combo, which can be nice if lacking better alternatives. With no major stat improvements, it remains useless other than as a combo slave."
"Flying Ninja Cat's talents include the regular 80% stat boosts, Target Black, Speed Up (to 20), and a 20% chance to Dodge attacks for 2s. With treasures and an 80% HP buff it can reach 18.4k HP, comparable in both health and speed to a Manic Eraser. However, this is only against its traits, and at a 50% higher cost. Its offensive stats are also unusably poor even with the Attack talent. It thus has no general value as either a Meatshield or Attacker. This leaves its only potential value as a Specialist meatshield vs Red (and Black if unlocked) via its Dodge ability, which despite a low chance can trigger regularly thanks to Ninja's spammability. At full investment it is then essentially an expensive Eraser clone with a bonus Dodge, but it fails to perform sufficiently better than general meatshields to justify the huge NP cost of this, even in pure Red/Black stages. Other defensive options such as Stone Cat provide more reliable stalling than an unreliable Dodge, and for Reds especially Roe Cat is much better at effectively stalling them."
Useful to Own By: 
EoC 1
Useful to Unlock Talents By: 
Never
