Weightlifter Cat,2,Gacha Super Rares
"Weightlifter Cat (Ring Girl Cat) is an excellent melee attacker with Massive Damage against Black. She deals 12.2k base damage every 4s (3000 DPS) from 220 range, has 26.4k HP with 2 KBs, 6 Speed, 19.2s Cooldown and a cost of 1365. Her main use is dealing large damage per hit (37k to 49k depending on treasures) with a fast attack rate to nuke low-endurance Black enemies without letting them use all their knockbacks. Her range is a little low for general use, but plenty for the main job of nuking Black peons. Ring Girl is however very slow which means she needs to be summoned well in advance of when you need her, she gets juggled by LD like Tackey, and she can't often land hits on higher-range enemies between their attacks like some midrangers can (except very slow ones like Le'Noir, Kurosawah)."
"In True Form, Pizza Cat gets a great stat boost with 33.2k HP and 4 KBs, 15.7k base damage (3900 DPS), and 270 range. Now with 63k effective damage (16k DPS) to Black, Pizza becomes a dominant specialist nuker, outclassing even most ubers in this niche. The range increase (along with the HP buff) is great for survivability and brings Pizza up to a respectable point for general midrange AoE DPS use too. Pizza's full potential is, however, unlocked with the exceptionally powerful Wave Attack talent. With a 30% chance of creating Level 2 Wave (533 range), Pizza's average direct DPS shoots up to 5100 (over 20k vs Black), and unlike alternatives like MML, whose waves typically deal small amounts of chip damage and clear weak peons, Pizza's waves hit extremely hard such that a few procs can flatten groups of layered enemies and cripple bulky enemy backliners (especially Black ones) to turn the tide of battle dramatically. This takes Pizza from being a solid general midranger and a great anti-Black, to being a superb general midranger/waver and a meta-defining specialist."
Useful to Own By: 
"ItF 1, for Gory Black and Shadow Boxer K"
Useful to True Form By: 
"SoL 23, for Black Premonition"
